an eight-year-old abuse survivor , who was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs , has written a heartwrenching open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home where she is loved . marie surprenant , from atlanta , georgia , was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the children’s healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic . after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele surprenant . ' i want to thank you for making me happy by giving me a new warm and safe environment , ' marie began her handwritten letter , which was published on children 's healthcare of atlanta 's blog . ' now i have a home that is nice and i have three nice meals a day . ' all smiles : abuse survivor marie surprenant was photographed with her adoptive mother michele during a trip to the beach . marie , who was recently accepted into one of the city’s top private schools for the fourth grade , went on to introduce herself and tell her story . ' when i was a baby i got hurt and you were on my case , ' she wrote . ' when i was little i got hurt and i was n't going to walk at all . ' marie wrote a detailed account of how her biological mother 's boyfriend lied in the emergency room about how she got her injuries , claiming that she fell out of bed . she noted that because her social workers ' got involved and solved ' her case the ' bad guy ' is no longer hurting her - or anyone else . ' i think that if you never helped me my life would still be awful and lonely . because they might not help me , not feed me or they would hit me when i cried ' she said . ' but now i 'm much better . i now have a safe happy environment . i am also around smart people . [ sic ] ' marie said her life ' is so much better ' , although she noted that her dog jo 's snoring drives her crazy . she continued by giving detailed descriptions of her cats gypsy and mr fluffy . marie , who said she ' loves pets ' , also talked about her class ' bearded dragon mr cuddles . she ended her candid letter by writing : ' i wish that you keep doing what you do to make the world a better place and to make kids feel protected . i also wish that no matter how big or small the case is you will at least try and help the kids . ' and amazingly , marie 's letter , which has become one of the blog 's most read posts , found its way to one of the people who helped change her life . grateful child : the eight-year-old wrote this later because she wanted to thank the social workers who ' investigated and solved ' her case after she was abused by her biological mother and her boyfriend . animal love : marie also described her two cats and her dog in her handwritten letter . never quit : she ended her message by encouraging other social workers to always do their best to help children like herself . ' this is ms rita your case worker , ' social worker rita goodman wrote in the comment section of the post . ' i 'm in a wheelchair sometimes myself now . i had to retire [ two ] years ago . i 'm so glad to hear you are happy [ sic . ] . she added : ' i am also so proud of you . you are one of my best memories of the 12 years i spent in child welfare . ' marie 's adoptive mother michele , who is also a social worker , revealed in the blog post that it was her daughter 's idea to write the letter because she is grateful for what she has . i now have a safe happy environment . michele explained that marie is ' living proof that `` social work works '' ' , adding that her little girl is nearly nine-years-old and she is a straight a student who is ' wise beyond her years ' . she recalled how marie learned to push her wheelchair on her own when she was only 17-months-old . ' [ marie 's ] future looks bright , and we know very well that none of this success would have been possible without the amazing team of social workers , detectives and medical staff in atlanta , ' michele wrote . ' thank you for being the stepping stone that [ t ] his little , baby girl needed . while marie 's paralysis causes scoliosis , requiring her to have rods in her back and surgery every six months , michele told abc news that her injuries have inspired her to become an orthopedic surgeon . ' every time she sees her orthopedic surgeon , she 's asking him career planning questions , ' she said . ' but i told her sometimes he has to be at work at 6am some days , and she thinks that 's a little too early . she 's wondering if she 'll be able to work the night shift . '