they are the images that capture the faces and dramatic landscapes one photographer encountered during a 1000-day journey around the world . award-winning photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe . for his latest book , the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents . during his several year-long journey , takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world and the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images , which currenlty form part of an exhibition at new york 's foto-care gallery . japanese photographer uruma takezawa snaps a boy wears traditional tribal make up in the the lower omo river valley , ethiopia . born in 1977 , the japanese artist first began his career as a marine photographer , travelling the world to capture breathtaking underwater vistas . from there , he discovered a passion for photographing the unknown , travelling alone by bus , train , on foot and horseback to reach his far-flung destinations . ' the ocean and its seascapes had become so familiar for me , ' he wrote . ' i desired to see the different faces of the world . i decided to come ashore and make a long trip in order to see the world with my own eyes . ' cowboys drive herds of cattle over a vast meadow in pantanal in brazil , where takezawa spent one week observing their ways . the winner of the third nikkei national geographic photo prize , takezawa has made a living documenting remote communities . standing stones tower against a background of clouds in isla de pascua , chile , otherwise known as easter island . the capital of the cusco province , paucartambo , peru , is home to the virgen del carmen festival held each july . the wodaabe tribe are a nomadic people of cattle-herders and traders populating the sahel desert of west africa , in particular niger . a woman carries a child in a sling while going about her daily errands in senessa in the landlocked west african country of mali . in ( nearly ) 1,000 days , takezawa travelled to the most far-flung stretches of the world , enduring many tough terrains to find his subjects . armed with just a small backpack and his camera equipment , takezawa endured many tough terrains to photograph his subjects , who are as cut off from the modern world as is possible in this day and age . his enlightening body of work is described as a celebration of the connection that exists between people and the land . from brazil to uganda , takezawa attempts to capture the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit of those who live off the land . takezawa writes : ' it 's a wide world - far wider than we think , and much deeper . that is the most important thing i learned from my long journey . ' it is my hope that the ' land ' photos will enable viewers to sense the width of the world and the depth of people 's hearts . ' what an incredible view ! it 's no surprise that vans and lorries line up to watch the spectacular sunset in akatama , chile . in his series , ' land , ' takezawa photographed individuals who are as cut off from the modern world as is possible in this day and age . rain droplets obscure the view from the window , where a red double decker bus is in clear view on the right hand side . a woman dances in the streets of havana in cuba , which the photographer said were filled with rhythm and dancing . his breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of those who live off the land . the pamir mountains in tajikistan are formed by the junction of the himalayas with several other central asian ranges . tazara railways , in east africa , is a 1,860 km single-track railway , which links tanzania and zambia . in lalung gal gompa , east tibet , exists a dense collection of monk quarters laid out on top of each other on a hillside . dozens of hot hair balloons fly high above the rocky landscape , which includes the famed fairy chimneys , of goreme , turkey . men , women and children flock to a market held once a week in a small village deep in the interior of dogon country in mali in west africa . takezawa 's round-the-world trip began on march 18 , 2010 in japan and took him to places such as vrindavan , india ( pictured ) . takezawa is also an accomplished commercial photographer , working with advertising agencies and magazines . his nearly 1,000 day round-the-world trip , which began on march 18 , 2010 in japan , ended on december 31 , 2012 . from april 21 to may 5 , his show , land : photographs by uruma takezawa , will be on display at the foto-care gallery in new york city . takezawa captured a beautiful starry sky as the sun went down in morondava , the capital of madagascar . the world 's third largest reserve of fresh water , the perito moreno glacier in the santa cruz province of argentina is a tourist favourite . the japanese photographer captured the men of the wodaabe tribe in nigeria who paint their face with pigment made from crushed rocks . hallstatt , austria , is home to one of the world 's largest collections of hand-painted human skulls , known as the beinhaus . his enlightening body of work is described as a celebration of the connection that exists between people and the land . in budapest , hungary , takezawa captured several travellers waiting at a local train station through a marked pane of glass . takezawa photographed one particular protest in tripoli , lebanon , where several men carried black flags mounted to tall sticks . in tobilisi , georgia , two little girls sit on a window ledge , which is protected by metal bars , which they peer through . takezawa photographed these children in an orphanage in kakuto county in uganda gathering together for early morning lessons . in uyuni in bolivia , he walked on a vast salt lake at an altitude of 4000 meters where pools of water reflected the blue of the sky .