decided ? supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong supporting for legalizing same sex marriage . ruth bader ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage , a report has claimed , ahead of a landmark supreme court hearing which could legalize the practice nationwide . the famously liberal justice , who is 82 , will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states . ginsburg , who has sat on the court since 1993 , has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases . cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance . the new report , yahoo ! politics , cited interviews in which ginsburg has referred to the american public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general - and has even officiated at same-sex ceremonies . ahead of the first such ceremony , held in washington , d.c. , in august 2013 , she told the washington post that she understood the symbolic implications of her involvement . she said the wedding , of her friend michael m. kaiser , president of the kennedy center , to economist john roberts , would ' be one more statement that people who love each other and want to live together should be able to enjoy the blessings and the strife in the marriage relationship . ' she will get the chance to make her views known in the upcoming case of obergefell v. hodges , for which arguments will be heard from tuesday and a decision is expected this summer . the case is being brought by james obergefell , an ohio man who married his husband in maryland but was not allowed to name himself as spouse on his husband 's death certificate in his home state . currently 37 states allow gay marriage , as well as washington , d.c. - but ohio is one of 13 which has held out . protests : pictured are gay rights protesters camped out in front of the supreme court this weekend . obergefell v. hodges will be heard from tomorrow . votes : ginsburg is one of four liberal-voting supreme court justices , though anthony kennedy ( front row , second from right ) has often sided with them on gay rights issues . pictured above are all the supreme court justices . on the front row ( left to right ) are clarence thomas , antonin scalia , john g. roberts , kennedy and ginsburg . behind them ( also left to right ) are sonia sotomayor , stephen breyer , sameul alito and elena kagan . the supreme court will determine whether the constitution guarantees all citizens the right to same sex marriage , which could void all the remaining bans . and if it determines that recognizing gay marriage is still up to individual states , the court could also decide that states are obliged to recognize gay marriage performed elsewhere in the u.s . after a 2012 ruling , the federal government is already required to recognize gay marriage in states where they are allowed . the liberal wing 's four justices are expected to vote in favor of gay marriage , and could be joined by the more conservative anthony kennedy , who has often sided with liberals on issues of personal freedom , which would provide the five votes necessary for a majority . in an interview with bloomberg earlier this year , ginsburg insisted that ' it would not take a large adjustment ' for americans to accept gay marriage across the board , and that the country has become far more accepting . gay marriage opponents have said that ginsburg previous actions and public statements go so far as to make her unfit to hear the case . battle : the case was prompted by james obergefell , left , who wants the state of ohio to recognize him as his husband 's spouse on his death certificate . he is taking on richard hodges , right , who leads ohio 's department of health . couple : obergefell , left , married his husband john arthur in maryland shortly before his death - but has not been allowed to name himself as arthur 's spouse on his death certificate . both the national organization for marriage and the american family association , which oppose gay marriage , have demanded that ginsburg remove herself from the case because she officiated over the ceremony . they made the same demand of justice elena kagan , another liberal justice , who has officiated a ceremony as well . if both justices were to agree it would leave the court two liberals down and unlikely to side with the legalization . however , according to legal scholars , neither has done anything wrong because the earlier court decision had already vindicated same-sex marriages in states which had legalized them . it has been speculated that justice kennedy could be the swing vote in this issue . a recent report by the associated press speculated that his professional links with a california law school dean who hired him in the 1950s could have embedded some early sympathies . the report , citing people who knew him when he taught at mcgeorge school of law in sacramento , said that being mentored by gordon schaber , who never married and was widely thought to gay , could swing him towards favoring gay rights . kennedy is likely , the report said , to eventually write the supreme court decision in obergefell v. hodges , which would follow several other written opinions expanding gay rights .     