the daughter of two respected solicitors and a scotland yard detective who are accused of running an upmarket vice ring appeared in court today . beatrice nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in central london . the university college london chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex . beatrice nokes , 21 , pictured left and right outside court today , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in central london . she is accused of running the vice ring with daniel williams . she is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old met police officer daniel williams . he faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home . he is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty . nokes , a keen horsewoman , artist and charity fundraiser , is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals . her father , jonathan nokes , 66 , is a partner at respected law firm anthony gold where he specialises in commercial property law . her mother , ceinwen rowles , 59 , specialises in education law , discrimination and complaints and is taking a case to the european court of human rights . the detective constable , who is suspended from duty , was based at tooting police station in wandsworth , south west london , pictured . he is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty . they both accompanied her to westminster magistrates’ court when she went before a judge for the first time last month . today , nokes appeared at southwark crown court her name . williams was also present . the both face three charges of ‘ causing or inciting’ prostitution ‘ in the expectation of gain’ in september and october last year . williams faces seven further charges including controlling prostitution for gain in the 10 months up until his arrest by anti-corruption colleagues on october 8 . the detective constable , who is suspended from duty , was based at tooting police station in wandsworth , south west london . several weeks after he was first arrested williams was also accused of spying on unsuspecting women hotel guests at at the jury’s inn in milton keynes ( left ) and the mandolay hotel , guildford , surrey ( right ) . he is accused of two counts of misconduct in a public office , firstly by running the prostitution ring and secondly by using police computers to check clients . a further charge alleges he concealed a ‘ large quantity of cash’ by stuffing it in socks and hiding it in the chimney of his putney home . several weeks after he was first arrested williams was also accused of using hi-tech hidden equipment to spy on unsuspecting women hotel guests . he is said to have watched the victims at the jury’s inn in milton keynes and the mandolay hotel , guildford , surrey , between january and october last year . williams , of putney , south west london , and nokes , of islington , north london , are both on bail and will return to southwark crown court on 15 may to enter their pleas . the trial which is fixed for 12 september next year is expected to last between four and six weeks . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .