they say that beauty is in the eye of the beholder , but for these mothers and their daughters it is clearly in the genes . in the 90s , the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry , commanding sky high fees for the hugely popular advertising campaigns that they put their faces to . stars including cindy crawford , yasmin le bon and christie brinkley became household names across the world and they still have a-list status 20 years later . scroll down for video . models like cindy crawford ( left ) were huge stars in 80s and 90s and now their daughters like caia gerber ( right ) are making their own names in the fashion world . now though , it 's time for their daughters to take the reigns . many of the models of the moment have come from supermodel stock - the likes of georgia jagger , amber le bon and ella richards have all walked for big name designers like tommy hilfiger and chanel . the next generation are also getting in on the act - cindy crawford 's daughter kaia gerber made her modelling debut for young versace aged just ten , and christie brinkley 's daughter sailor cook has modelled for lord & taylor department store and appeared in vogue . to find out which daughters are following in their supermodel mothers ' footsteps , read on ... jerry hall modelling at a fashion show in 1979 ( left ) and her daughter lizzy jagger walks the catwalk during a london westfield event for vogue 's fashion night out in september 2012 . jerry models at a fashion show in 1981 ( left ) and her daughter georgia may jagger at the fashion for relief show , autumn / winter 2015 , london fashion week last month . patti hansen ( left in 1980 ) modelled for revlon and calvin klein in her youth , her daughter theodora richards ( right ) has modelled for several high end designers including tommy hilfiger . patti hansen on the catwalk in the early 90 's ( left ) and her daughter alexandra richards ( right ) , who has modelled for vogue , glamour , vanity fair and id magazine . lucie de la falaise ( left ) was a well-known model who appeared several times in vogue and was the fashion designer yves saint laurent 's muse , her daughter ella richards ( right ) walks the runway at tommy hilfiger women 's fashion show in new york last september . supermodel christie brinkley in 1983 ( left ) and her daughter sailor brinkley cook ( right ) who has modelled for lord & taylor department store and appeared in vogue . yasmin le bon ( left ) models for ronit zilkha in february , 2001 , and her daughter amber ( right ) , who is the face of the fashion store forever 21 . nastassja kinski was a hollywood actress who started out as a model in germany ( left ) and her daughter kenya kinski jones is already following in her footsteps after starring in a short for chanel 's karl lagerfeld .