the national football league has hired its first female ref , sarah thomas , according to a report . thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's conference usa , has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year , baltimore reporter aaron wilson posted on his twitter account . she has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the nfl 's training program since 2013 . sarah thomas , a 42-year-old mother of three from brandon , mississippi , has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time nfl referee . above she officiates a preseason new orleans saints game . the conference usa official became the first woman to officiate and fbs game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 . the nfl would not confirm thomas 's hiring on friday , saying in a statement : ' the 2015 roster of officials has not yet been finalized . when it is , the new officials for 2015 and the entire roster will be announced . ' thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season , a source close to the matter told the la times . a brandon , mississippi , native , thomas played basketball at university of mobile before beginning officiating after attending a meeting with her brother . ' he told me there’s a bunch of old men sitting there . and that i might get some strange stares , ' she told the hattiesburg american last year . ' when i walked into that meeting sure enough that did happen . ' she reffed basketball and high school football before moving on to college and becoming the first woman to officiate a fbs game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 . ' the thing is , i 've never set out to be the first and that has n't changed , she said in 2013 . ' i do this because i love it . ' the mother of three credits her success in sports to being raised with brothers . the mississippi native first began officiating after attending a meeting with her brother and credits her family with helping her succeed in the sports world . though thomas is tabbed to be the first full-time woman hire by the nfl , shannon eastin became the first female to officiate a game in the league when she was a replacement ref in 2012 . she also works as a pharmaceutical sales representative , and says she does n't wear the makeup she wears at her day job when she 's on the gridiron , according to gulf live . shannon eastin technically became the first woman to officiate an nfl game in 2012 , when the league hired replacement refs while in negotiations with the officials ' union . however , she stopped working for the nfl after owners reached an agreement with the regular officials . if thomas begins reffing regular season games , the nfl would become the second major american sports league to have women officials , after the nba . violet palmer and dee kanter were hired by the basketball league in 1997 . kantner was fired in 2002 , though palmer still regularly runs games in the playoffs . the nba hired another female ref , lauren holtkamp , last year . women umpires in baseball have only reached the triple-a and preseason game levels . female refs are common in the wnba . violet palmer , nba . violet palmer referees a game between the orlando magic and the denver nuggets in january of this year . violet palmer is the longest-serving female referee in any of american sport 's four major leagues . she was first hired by the nba in 1997 and has continued officiating men 's basketball to the present day . palmer later continued trailblazing , becoming the first woman to ref a playoff game in 2006 , between the indiana pacers and the new jersey nets . beyond breaking ground for her gender , she also publicly announced that she was lesbian in 2014 , shortly after jason collins became the first nba player to come out as gay . dee kantner , nba . dee kanter , was hired the same year as violet palmer as an nba ref but left after several seasons . above , kantner stands next to north carolina tar heels coach sylvia hatchell at a 2013 womens 's ncaa game . dee kantner joined the nba officiating staff the same year as palmer , but was fired after the 2001-2002 season . in a statement about her firing , the league said that she was ' not making sufficient progress in her own development ' . kantner said that she was ' stunned ' by her letting go and that she had been given no warning about the decision . she worked as the supervisor of officials in the wnba before going to the men 's league , a role to which she has since returned . the long time referee has also consistently officiated women 's college basketball . lauren holtkamp , nba . female nba ref laura holtkamp , who is completing her first season in the nba this year , discusses a call with denver nuggets player ty lawson in november . laura holtkamp , 34 , became the nba 's third female referee in 2014 after . she played basketball at drury university in missouri and had plans to get a master 's degree in divinity at emory in atlanta before being drawn to refereeing . she soon became reffing women 's college games as well as wnba and nba d-league matches , according to grantland . her first year in the league has not been without controversy . los angeles clippers point guard chris paul was criticized by many for alleged sexism when he said ' this might not be for her , ' after he was given a technical fowl by holtkamp . pamela postema , mlb spring training . female mlb umpire pamela postema calls balls and strikes behind the plate at a a kansas city royals game in 1992 . pamela postema was not the first woman to umpire a professional baseball game , with her first innings come five years after bernice gera sued major league baseball to preside over a minor league contest in 1972 . however , postema became a fixture in the professional games everywhere but ' the show ' in the 1980s . she spent seven years in triple-a , the league directly below the majors , and even made it to spring training games in 1988 and 1989 . however , she was controversially fired in 1989 after the death of mlb commissioner a. bartlett giamatti , who had been considered supportive of her career . postema filed a sex discrimination lawsuit after the firing ended her well-regarded career , which was settled out of court . ria cortesio , minor league baseball . ria cortesio , pictured at a double-a game between the jacksonville suns and the montgomery biscuits in 2007 , was fired the same year . ria cortesio was the face of female umpiring in baseball for many years in the mid-2000s . she spent nine years in the minor leagues , with the highest being the double-a southern league , according to the houston chronicle . cortesio was also the first woman since postema to umpire an exhibition game when she worked a spring training match-up between the chicago cubs and arizona diamondbacks . she also worked the home run derby at the 2006 all-star game in pittsburgh . her umpire rating in double-a slipped during the 2007 season and she was let go in the autumn of that year , according to espn . shannon eastin . shannon eastin became the first woman to officiate a regular season nfl game in 2012 . above , she follows the jacksonville jaguars and indianapolis colts during the same month . shannon eastin became the first woman to officiate a regular season nfl game in 2012 when she was used as a replacement ref in the september 2012 game between the st louis rams and the detroit lions . regular officials were locked out by owners during a 2012 dispute , a replacement refs were used until an agreement was reached at the end of september . she had previously officiated the mid-eastern athletic conference college games and high school games before being hired by the nfl . the massachusetts native , 42 at the time , has not returned to the nfl since the end of the referee lockout .