four-month-old baby evan summerfield , who died from meningitis , just hours after laughing for the very first time . a family have been left devastated after their four-month-old baby died from meningitis just 12 hours after laughing for the very first time . evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life . the youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button . and when his great-grandmother carried out the ' glass test ' , she saw that it did n't fade under pressure . he was rushed to derriford hospital in plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after . his death has devastated his parents shannon summerfield , 17 , and kris adams , 19 , who have been left confused as to how he could fall ill so quickly . evan 's grandmother sarah summerfield , 38 , said : ' we 're so confused how fast this horrible , nasty illness just takes hold . ' one moment he was laughing and smiling and then , it seems like in a heartbeat , he was so cruelly taken away . ' evan was born on november 3 last year and was just four-months-old when he took ill with a high temperature while staying with his great grandparents . his grandmother explained : ' they took him to the doctors and that was the first and last time he laughed . it 's like he left it for us . ' the doctor said he had a virus and gave him calpol and nurofen , and said if it gets worse he should come straight back . ' they went home and put him to bed and he was fine , but in the morning he had a rash from the top of his head to his belly button . ' my mum did the glass test and called 999 - she was so quick-thinking - it would be easy to think it was chicken pox . the death of evan , pictured , has devastated his family , who are unable to comprehend how quickly he fell ill . doctors at the derriford hospital in plymouth , pictured , battled to save evan but he later died . ' i just remember him having doctors and nurses all around him . but he was pronounced dead at 10.15am . 'i’m 38 and i never thought i would have to sort out a funeral , never mind for my 17-year-old daughter having to organise one for her four-month-old son . meningitis research foundation estimates that there are around 3,400 cases of bacterial meningitis and septicaemia every year in the uk and ireland . this means that every day nine people become ill with the disease . with one in ten people dying , a death will occur almost every day . a further two people will be left with life-altering after effects as severe as brain damage , deafness and multiple amputations . symptoms of meningitis and septicaemia : source : meningitis research foundation . 'it’s not right . i should have gone first before my grandson . ' he was so loved by everyone around him and everyone who saw him would comment on his gorgeous big , blue eyes . he was such a content baby . ' he had just learnt a new trick of taking his dummy out , and he loved the simpsons , iggle piggle and 64 zoo lane - and even used to watch mash with his great grandad . ' everyone said what a brilliant mother shannon was and kris was a brilliant father . even if shannon just left the room for a second when she came back he would say `` muh '' and his big eyes would be beaming . ' now family friend charlie mcmanus has set up a fund-raising page to help pay for evan’s funeral , and help ease some of the family’s heartbreak . the family wanted to thank everyone for their donations , and have seen more than £1,000 given for evan’s funeral . all extra money will be donated to the meningitis research foundation in the hope it will help stop other families going through the same thing . mrs sumemrfield added : 'we’re not looking to give him a king 's funeral , just what he deserves . we’re so grateful to everyone , people have been so kind . ' we also want to warn people to be vigilant - it’s just shocking . there is a vaccine available now which hasn’t been licensed yet because there are debates over price . ' but how can you put a price on life , it’s sickening . “ we should be protecting younger generations not having pharmaceutical companies holding them to ransom and arguing over price . ' to donate to the family 's fund , visit http : //gogetfunding.com/project/baby-evan-s-funeral-fund . 