picture the scene . you’ve just bought a new outfit and you’d really like a new nail polish to co-ordinate with it . or perhaps you’ve picked up a dress for a party the same night and it needs more of a glitzy make-up look than usual . now , you no longer need to hotfoot it to the department store or chemist to stock up on make-up — because fashion retailers have got in on the beauty act . fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing . from marks and spencer to primark , they’re all at it , flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings . but are any of them worth splashing your cash on ? claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test . . . topshop beauty . the high street giant has all of this season’s beauty looks , from a rainbow of nail polishes ( £6 ) to lip ombre ( £9 ) — sets of two cream-to-powder formulation lip colours to be worn in tandem ( caution : lips must be very well moisturised ) . the foundation ( £16 ) was a rather pleasant surprise . it has a good amount of silicone , so slides on easily , and coverage is smooth — but there are only four shades and the dropper applicator is a bit of a gimmick . topshop beauty 's eye shadow ( top left and right ) creates an iridescent shimmer and the lunar colour is perfect for a smokey eye while the high street giant also stocks a wide range of nail polish and lip colour . star buy : mono eye shadow ( £5 ) . don’t be put off by their initial glittery appearance . once on , they’re not nearly as sparkly , with more of an iridescent shimmer . lunar , a purplish black , is perfect for a smokey eye . don’t bother with : concealer ( £10 ) . the pump bottle dispenses more than you need . it covers well , but the result is flat , with not enough luminescence to brighten the under-eye area . next make me beautiful . this collection , in its chunky silver and transparent packaging , was a real surprise . with everything from confetti effects nail colour ( £4 ) to eye shadow quads ( £7.50 ) , which can be used wet or dry , in elegant , wearable shades , there’s something for everyone . but i wish they wouldn’t package stuff together , like the face primer and face illuminator ( £20 for both ) — the former has too much silicone and feels greasy , while the latter has a subtle glow to wear alone or under foundation . next 's make me beautiful matte lip colour ( pictured ) is moisturising with tonnes of pigment and almost matches up to charlotte tilbury’s red carpet red lip colour . star buy : matte lip colour ( £8 or £20 for three ) . i loved the classic red almost as much as charlotte tilbury’s red carpet red , which is miles more expensive . moisturising and with tonnes of pigment , just blot and reapply to get a bit more staying power . don’t bother with : sheer chubby stick ( £8 ) — it was greasy and a bit disappointing . primark p.s . love . it’s bargain basement and , on the whole , it looks it , feels it — and smells it . the range is all either synthetically sweet or a bit plasticky . i worry even pre-teens would turn their noses up at this . but if you absolutely had to go straight from primark to a party , had no make-up and only £5 to spend , it would do . just . the matte long last lipstick ( £1.50 ) looked a bit chalky , but i liked the chubby brush on the volumising ultra mascara ( £2 ) , even if it was a bit clumpy . star buy : stick foundation ( £2 ) . i wouldn’t use this as my everyday foundation , but i’d definitely keep it in my handbag for on-the-go touch-ups . it feels a bit greasy , but the coverage is decent and the finish is matte enough not to require powder . don’t bother with : kohl eyeliner ( £1.50 ) . it comes in innovative , twist-up packaging , like a lipstick . but there’s no way of sharpening the point , and it has zero staying power ( unlike the liquid liner , £1 , which , once dry , doesn’t budge ) . marks & spencer autograph . the sleek , black and glossy packaging feels substantial and very bobbi brown in style . but then , at £6 for a nail varnish and £10 for a lipstick , this is the most expensive of the brands i tried . its formulations are good . the matte velvet lipstick ( £10 ) is moisturising , with a matte — but not flat — finish , while the ultra rich twist up lips ( £9.50 ) are a cut-price version of clinique’s famous chubby sticks . marks and spencer autograph pure luxe powder bronzer ( pictured ) has a great , buildable colour with a slight shimmer but no sparkle . these have decent staying power — even if they do only come in four shades . on the downside , for a brand that targets the older consumer , there’s a lot of sparkle in their eye shadows . star buy : pure luxe powder bronzer ( £15 ) . a lovely , moulded bronzer that looks a little bottega veneta in style . great , buildable colour with slight shimmer , but no sparkle . don’t bother with : neverending lashes lengthening mascara , ( £10 ) . the absurdly long wand and very thin brush gave little control — i ended up daubing it on my eyebrows ! new look pure colour . if you’re not a teenager , you probably won’t be shopping in new look — and , on the whole , its make-up range reflects that . the baked eye shadows ( £3.99 ) are as heavy on glitter as they are on pigment , while the packaging is inelegant . new look 's pure colour nail polishes ( pictured ) come in a range of great colours , go on evenly and dry really quickly while the baked highlighter powder in gold gives skin a beautiful sheen . but the brushes ( from £1.99 ) aren’t bad , and don’t moult like many cheap brushes do . also the matte lipstick ( £3.99 ) isn’t drying and , while theb comes with more of a cocktail stick applicator than a brush , once applied it stays put . star buy : i was torn between the matte nail polishes ( £2.99 ) , which come in plenty of great colours that go on evenly and dry really quickly , and the baked highlighter powder in gold ( £4.99 ) , which gives skin a beautiful , almost soft-focus , sheen . don’t bother with : pure volume volumising mascara ( £4.99 ) . it comes out of the tube thick and cloggy — and goes on thick and cloggy . one of the worst budget mascaras i’ve ever used . 