chelsea manager jose mourinho has fanned the flames of raheem sterling 's contract stand-off with liverpool by insisting he would sell any player who wanted to leave his club . sterling 's commitment to liverpool is in doubt after he gave a televised interview on wednesday explaining why he has chosen to put talks over a new deal on hold . as sportsmail revealed on thursday , chelsea are interested in the 20-year-old and have been asked to be kept updated on his future . arsenal are also keen on the england international . raheem sterling , pictured in training on thursday , has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with liverpool . jose mourinho insists that he would sell any of his chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club . liverpool boss brendan rodgers is adamant that sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window . liverpool boss brendan rodgers will play sterling at arsenal in saturday 's barclays premier league clash despite the player admitting that he is ' flattered ' by interest from the north london club . rodgers insists sterling is not for sale this summer at any price , despite his reluctance to sign an extension . but mourinho said : ' i do n't like players that do n't want to play for me and my club . my opinion is every player has a price . ' it does n't matter which player . if you ask me , for example , do i want eden hazard to leave chelsea ? no . if he wants to leave and does n't want to work with me , does n't want to play for chelsea , does he have a price ? i think he has . but i also understand the philosophy of managers and clubs who want to keep the players at any price . my philosophy is not better than that , it 's just mine . ' mourinho and chelsea are interested in sterling and could make a move for him at the end of the season . sterling will start against arsenal despite admitting it was ' quite flattering ' to be linked with the gunners . mourinho watches ruben loftus-cheek , filipe luis and nemanja matic ( l-r ) in training at cobham on friday . rodgers has resisted the temptation to leave out sterling on saturday after a turbulent three days following his revelation of the reasons for stalling over a new £100,000-a-week contract . sterling 's remarks about being flattered by arsenal 's interest have only added to suspicions that his representatives are trying to engineer a move to london . but rodgers believes that sterling will react ' very strongly ' to the situation and has the right temperament to handle a game that liverpool need to win to close a six-point gap on arsenal in the race for a top-four finish . ' he will play , ' said the liverpool boss . ' if it was a different player i would maybe have something to think about . but with this kid , since he has come in , trained and worked with me , he has been phenomenal and i expect him to go there and perform at a high level . ' i think he is a strong character . he 's a young boy , still learning , on and off the field , but i do n't think there was anything derogatory to liverpool . i know he loves the club and i expect him to perform at a high level . ' rodgers says he expects sterling to ' perform at a high level ' against arsenal despite his contract wrangle . sterling has attracted interest from clubs including arsenal , manchester city and bayern munich . kolo toure , pictured being challenged by steven gerrard , believes sterling should remain at anfield . kolo toure , meanwhile , has warned that leaving anfield could see sterling end up on the scrapheap at another club , in a similar way that occurred with jack rodwell and scott sinclair at manchester city . the english pair , who used to play with toure at city , played just nine premier league games between them after moving to the etihad . toure told the liverpool echo : ' both rodwell and sinclair went to a club where there is big competition and did n't play . ' if raheem left liverpool he would not be sure to start games . make a mistake or do n't score for two games and he will be on the bench . he needs to stay here . this is the best place for him . ' 