claim : murder suspect dmitri kovtun says that alexander litvinenko killed himself by mistake . one of the men accused of killing alexander litvinenko claimed today that the russian spy 's death may have been an ' accidental suicide ' after he inadvertently handled polonium . dmitri kovtun , who is wanted for the dissident 's murder , insisted that he was not involved in mr litvinenko 's death and suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it . the suspect , a former kgb agent , has agreed to give evidence at the inquiry into litvinenko 's death as long as he is given the right to examine secret evidence put forward by the police . if kovtun testifies , he will have to do so by video link , because he will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to britain . mr litvinenko met with kovtun and alexander lugovoi , another former spy , in london shortly before he fell ill with radiation poisoning in november 2006 and died at the age of 43 . at a press conference in russia today , kovtun asserted his innocence and blamed mr litvinenko for his own death - saying he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it by kovtun and lugovoi , as has been previously claimed . he described the death as an ' accidental suicide ' , adding : ' i am more than sure that he was dealing with polonium without knowing it . ' maybe there was some kind of polonium leak and it was gradually accumulating in his body . ' i do n't know if he had it with him or if somebody gave him something that he carried with him . where he got the polonium from , that is the question . ' scroll down for video . killed : litvinenko died of radiation poisoning in november 2006 after meeting kovtun and alexander lugovoi . denial : kovtun told a press conference today that he had no involvement in litvinenko 's death . the inquiry has previously heard that mr litvinenko ingested polonium-210 when he drank a cup of tea during a meeting with the two ex-kgb men at the millennium hotel in central london . but kovtun said this was impossible , adding : ' litvinenko told me that he would not eat anything because the night before he got terrible poisoning , was throwing up all night , and called an ambulance . ' that proves our total innocence , that he had already come into contact with polonium , perhaps several days before our meeting . ' he insisted that the reason he and lugovoi left a trail of polonium around london during their visit to the city was because they had been contaminated by their meeting with mr litvinenko . polonium is exceptionally rare , and experts have previously said that the amount ingested by the victim could only have been produced in a government-run facility . suspects : kovtun , left , and lugovoi , right , have previously refused to co-operate with the public inquiry into litvinenko 's death . meeting : litvinenko fell ill after going to see kovtun and lugovoi at the millennium hotel in london , pictured . the two suspects had refused to co-operate with the public inquiry currently under way into mr litvinenko 's death , saying that it would be biased against them . but last month , kovtun dramatically changed his mind , and said that he would give evidence only if he is given ' core participant ' status . at today 's press conference , he told reporters : ' if i do n't get this status , i will not participate . ' chairman sir robert owen has issued kovtun with a list of conditions which he must fulfil in order to be given the status , including issuing a full witness statement and disclosing all relevant documents . however , even if he is allowed to become a core participant he will not be given access to restricted material . family : litvinenko 's son anatoly and wife marina outside the inquiry at the royal courts of justice . the inquiry has set aside three days in late july for kovtun to give evidence over video link . mr litvinenko accused russian president vladimir putin of being responsible for his killing in a statement issued from his deathbed . the spy fled russia and sought refuge in britain in 2000 , after he spoke against putin , who he claimed had ordered him to kill tycoon boris berezovsky . the inquiry was shown video footage of russian special forces using a photograph of mr litvinenko as target practice , as well as a picture of him looking gaunt and weak hours before he died .