mark hughes has insisted he will have significant money to spend this summer if required – and told asmir begovic he can fulfil his ambitions at stoke city . the stoke manager has kept the club 's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in may 2013 but said he would splash out when the right player became available . signing begovic to a new contract is a priority given the bosnia goalkeeper will be entering the final year of his current deal . stoke city manager mark hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window . hughes wants goalkeeper asmir begovic to agree a new contract at the britannia stadium . but hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed , having missed out on £10million xherdan shaqiri in the january window . hughes said : ' we have n't spent a great deal since i 've been here . a net spend of £6million i think over four transfer windows . ' but i 've never been given the impression that if the right player was available and we wanted to really push the boat out there would n't be funds available . ' we 've chased any number of players and some targets we 've got very , very close to where we would have been in a position to make a decision whether or not we spent a significant amount . stoke sit 10th in the premier league and still have an outside chance of earning a european berth . begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer . ' we 've never actually got to the point where we 've needed to just because the target fell by the wayside . i 've never been in any doubt that if the right target is available then the finances will be made available to me . ' a host of clubs may decide to make a move for begovic , 27 , who is set to open talks over extending his stoke stay once the season is over . hughes said : ' i 'm sure they will be looking at him . but we 've got a lot of things we can offer to asmir . ' he knows we 're a good club that will continue hopefully to progress . he wants to be part of a successful football club , i know that . he 's an ambitious guy . ' but we 'd like to think he could achieve what he needs from his career here at stoke . ' 