the irish challenge for next week’s £1million crabbie’s grand national looks like being eight strong after trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light a definite runner . the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch . rubi light had the option of running friday’s shorter topham chase but hennessy said : ‘ he is going to run . there is only one national . one of his runs over three miles was when he was second in the lexus chase to synchronised and he went on to win the gold cup that season . irish trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner in the grand national . ‘ rubi light is not as fast as he used to be but his jumping has been fantastic this year and he is in great form . ’ the irish challenge also includes jim culloty’s lord windermere ( robbie mcnamara ) and spring heeled ( nick scholfield ) , willie mullins-trained ballycasey ( ruby walsh ) , mouse morris’s first lieutenant ( nina carberry ) and gordon elliott’s cause of causes ( paul carberry ) . on saturday maurice phelan confirmed portrait king ( davy condon ) an intended starter while peter fahey said owega star ( robert power ) also runs . ruby walsh riding mon parrain clear the last to win handicap steeple chase at sandown . meanwhile , richie mclernon has been confirmed for the mount on emma lavelle’s court by surprise while condition jockey sean bowen has a chance to pick up the one steeplechase win he still requires to be qualified to partner paul nicholls-trained mon parrain at aintree when he rides virak in the 888sport.com handicap chase at haydock on sunday afternoon . but nicholls denied he had deliberately identified the opportunity to put bowen up . the trainer said : ‘ i am not thinking about the grand national , just that virak has top weight and i am taking five pounds off . the 2014 gold cup winning lord windermere has been confirmed as a runner for the aintree grand national . the irish challenge also includes jim culloty’s spring heeled who will be ridden by nick scholfield . ‘ he is not over big and we thought it was ideal to claim off him . ‘ i also have something that sean could ride on monday and we will try to get him the winner he needs but if it doesn’t happen , it doesn’t happen . ’ joseph o’brien , who is battling to reduce his weight so he can continue to ride regularly on the flat , has his first rides on the level at cork on sunday afternoon . he rides east india ( 9st 6lb ) and hans holbein ( 9st 5lb ) for his father aidan . joseph o’brien ( left ) is set to ride for his father at cork on sunday afternoon despite struggling with weight .