this is the cringe-making moment ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party – and even let the bride on his tour bus for a ' selfie ' . the labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends . one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ' i got a full on picture with him ' . scroll down for video . ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party – and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private ' selfie ' . the labour leader was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming ' ed ! ed ! ed ! ' and then they posed for a group selfie . the bride-to-be 's sister , kathryn braithwaite , posted a picture of nicola and miliband on the campaign bus . she was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens , all wearing black dresses and pink sashes , who started yelling for him to come and meet them . the labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting ' selfie ! selfie ! selfie ! ' and turned their backs on him for a group shot . one of the women was heard saying : ' hashtag ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before mr miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye . the bride-to-be has pondered whether he will also turn up to her wedding , saying : ' maybe he 'll make the big day ! ' anna heaford , one of the hens , tweeted saying : ' the stripper had just arrived for nicola braithwaite 's hen do.. ! # edmiliband . ' she also tweeted earlier today , saying : ' we 're blaming the cocktails . ' sanda , who was also part of the hen party , said : ' he was a true gentleman and a fun person . ' miss braithwaite 's sister kathryn braithwaite posted the picture of the bride-to-be with miliband inside the bus and said : ' only my sister can have a pic with ed_miliband # ed # henparty . ' one of the hens , anna heaford , posted a hilarious tweet , saying : ' the stripper has just arrived ' . bride nicola braithwaite was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning wearing a white and blue dress . one of mrs braithwaite 's friends , heaney watson , said : ' our nicola breaks off her hen do to discuss # legalaid with @ edmilliband # goodtimes . ' the labour leader was about to be dropped off at chester railway station to return to london after a long day of campaigning when he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far . earlier in the day he had met parliamentary candidate chris matheson and supporters at chester racecourse . he told the crowd : ' it 's great to be here . i want to thank all of you for the incredible job that you 're doing . secondly , i want to hear a very big chester cheer for chris matheson and the brilliant campaign he 's running . let 's hear it for chris . ' now i met a little boy called aidan and it 's sixth birthday at the beginning of may and he said to me as i left ' are we going to get rid of david cameron ? ' . what 's the answer to that ? are we going to get rid of david cameron ? ' alex salmond has stepped up the pressure on mr miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was ' foolish ' to rule out a coalition . snp leader nicola sturgeon warned mr miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed david cameron back into downing street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the snp . during thursday night 's tv debate , she said : ' i can help labour be bolder … take the chance to kick david cameron out of downing street . do n't turn your back on it - people will never forgive you . ' she was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens and said : ' i got a full on picture with him ' . one of the women was heard saying : ' hashtag ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before mr miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye . the labour leader was about to be dropped off at chester railway station to return to london after a long day of campaigning when he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far . the labour leader was surrounded after his campaign bus parked up outside westminster hotel in chester . if you were on this hen party , please email jenny.awford @ dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 .