john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united with thousands of supporters planning to boycott sunday 's home match against spurs . the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley’s running of the club . results on the pitch – they have lost five on the spin - have not helped carver’s cause , but the problems at newcastle run deeper than a boss who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad . john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united . united’s supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire ashley , especially as the magpies have returned record profits of £18.7million and this week revealed they also have £34m sat in a bank account . carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer – or deflect – questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis , distracting from what is a difficult task in charge of a squad in desperate need of overhaul . but as reported by sportsmail last month , senior sources within st james’ park have indicated that derby boss steve mcclaren will take over in the summer , regardless of whether or not the rams are promoted from the championship . on tyneside , however , he will inherit what carver believes is the toughest task in the land : ‘ i think it is the hardest job in football , definitely , ’ he said . steve mcclaren has already been tipped as a replacement for carver should he face the newcastle axe . ‘ for me , this is the dream job , but you love it and hate it at the same time . ‘ the hardest thing is taking the criticism off your own people . some of it is deserved and some of it is not . ‘ sometimes you’re dealt the hand and you’ve got to get on with it and this is the hand i’ve been dealt . ‘ when i took it on , if i hadn’t accepted then i would have been kicking myself . ‘ and i’ve said this before , i genuinely believe that if i’ve got the right tools i can do the job . ‘ but it is bitter sweet at the moment . this job is definitely a rollercoaster . ’ website ashleyout.com are co-ordinating sunday 's planned boycott . they will protest outside of the gallowgate end before kick-off and after the game . during the match they will go to leazes park behind the stadium . carver , though , has urged fans to get behind the team . fans are unhappy at how newcastle are being run under mike ashley and have planned a boycott . ‘ i would go to the match because i support the team , ’ said carver when asked if he would stay away as a supporter . ‘ i think they ( boycotters ) do support the team but they have obviously got their own issues . i respect those issues . ‘ i never thought i 'd see this to be perfectly honest , especially in the north east of england because we love football . ‘ so obviously something has triggered in their heads to make them not want to come , and i respect that . ’ carver has urged the fans to get behind the squad ahead of their match against tottenham hotspur .