monaco coach leonardo jardim put the finishing touches to his squad 's preparation on tuesday as the french club geared up for the second leg of their champions league quarter-final against juventus . dimitar berbatov and co were put through their paces ahead of the clash at stade louis ii on wednesday with the bulgarian striker insisting a place in the last four is within their reach . a second-half arturo vidal penalty in turin last week ensured that juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage . dimitar berbatov is convinced monaco can reach champions league semi-final at the expense of juventus . leonardo jardim addresses his players at training on tuesday morning ahead of juventus match . monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in turin last week . berbatov believes the french club are within reach of the semi-final and should not have lost in italy . monaco 's belgian midfielder yannick ferreira carrasco arrives fro training . the squad are put through heir paces ahead of wednesday 's clash at stade louis ii . monaco were aggrieved at the result after complaining at the award of the spot kick , with jardim declaring the foul on alvaro morata by ricardo carvalho as non-existent . and berbatov is certain monaco can right the wrong by eliminating the serie a champions . ' the champions league semi-final is within our reach , ' berbatov told tuttosport . ' we can do it against juventus . we 're a good team , we 've already shown that both against arsenal and a week ago in turin . we absolutely did not deserve to lose . ' in the first half we should have had a penalty , if the referee had given it , it would have been a different game . monaco coach jardim watches on during the training session on tuesday morning . ricardo carvalho ( right ) , elderson echiejile ( left ) and alain traore arrive for training . geoffrey kondogbia controls the ball on his chest as monaco gear up for quarter-final second leg . the monaco squad warm up for training with a light jog ahead of the quarter-final against juventus . the monaco players are taken through their exercises as they train on tuesday . ' then in the second half we had a non-existent penalty given against us , but that 's football . ' we look forward with confidence and optimism , we 're preparing well for the comeback . we know that juve are a team which creates a lot , but also gives opportunities . ' we know we have the ability to get to the next round . '