a drunk chinese man became so annoyed at his neighbour 's dog barking that he killed it by slashing its throat . li chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub in xiulin township in north-eastern taiwan 's hualien county , when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . according to police reports , li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour 's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called lucky . dog murder : li chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub in xiulin township , hualien county , and became annoyed with a dog owned by neighbour tang chao , right , on his way home and killed it . the animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner tang chao , 40 , who called police . he said : ' i normally wake up early and hear lucky outside . this time i did n't and immediately knew something was wrong . ' when i got outside i found him lying dead in a pool of blood . ' mr chao says he suspected his neighbour li of being the culprit , and called police . he said : ' i do n't understand how anyone could want to hurt a dog like lucky . he was very obedient and hardly ever barked during the day . sad : lucky the dog is pictured after having his throat slashed by drunk li who killed him for barking . investigation : taiwanese police search for the weapon in li 's home . ' he only barked when he heard or saw movement during the night , like any good guard dog would do . ' but li had often complained about him in the past when he came back drunk and perhaps it was a sixth sense , i do n't know , but i immediately knew it was him . ' when police arrived they found li gone . a police spokesman said : ' he was quickly picked up at the bus station trying to get an early ride out of town until the fuss died down . ' he immediately confessed to killing the dog and said he did n't know why he had done it . ' the man now faces a fine for damaging property as china has no animal cruelty laws . if the dog had been a stray , he would have faced no charges .