a woman who got a ' funny feeling ' she needed to see her husband rushed home to find him trapped under his suv . nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in their garage in saratoga springs , utah . but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest . scroll down for video . nicole mayhew ( right ) had rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband scott ( left ) to find him trapped under the car . trapped and in a great deal of pain , mr mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home . meanwhile mrs mayhew , was at work at the time of the accident , began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband . trusting her intuition , she rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car . mrs mayhew had gone to work leaving the father-of-five , pictured at home with her and three of their children , working on the suv . while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest in their home in taylor street ( picture ) in saratoga springs , utah . ' i just said , ' i need to go check on him working on the car , ' mrs mayhew told my fox philly . when she pulled up at the home , she heard her husband call out ' help me love . ' she ran into the garage where she found mr mayhew underneath the ford explorer . ' he could barely breathe , ' she told fox 13 . ' i knew he was in a lot of pain . ' ' he could hear the cars go , he did n't know what was going to happen . ' mrs mayhew called 911 and a neighbour helped use the jack to life the car off him while they waited for the emergency services to arrive . mrs mayhew ( pictured with her husband , left , and the family , right ) was at work at the time of the accident , began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see mr mayhew . mrs mayhew believes it was divine intervention the caused her to come home just in time to save her husband 's life . police had been concerned about internal bleeding and mr mayhew was rushed to utah universuty hospital . doctors found he had suffered six broken ribs but is expected to make a full recovery . mrs mayhew believes it was divine intervention the caused her to come home just in time to save her husband 's life . ' i just believe a spirit told me , ' she said . ' i believe that there 's angels around us . my heavenly father was with him . '