a vodafone customer has slammed the network provider after she was bombarded with flirty texts from one of the firm 's call centre workers . adele berry , of reddish , greater manchester , spoke to the call handler when she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill . but she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her , calling himself her ' future hubby ' and asking about his ' in laws ' . scroll down for video . adele berry has told of her shock after she was bombarded with texts from a vodafone call centre worker . ms berry was put through to a call centre in south africa when she phoned the company over the issue last month . she says she made small talk with the man who answered the query to fill ' dead air ' , but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him . the 21-year-old was stunned when she later received a string of messages from the man , who said his name is ' miguel ' . in one text , the man referred to himself as her ' future hubby ' and promised to buy her shoes when he met her . he also sent her a picture of himself in one message , and told her : ' wow i knew you beautiful but damn you are super beautiful . ' after asking how ' his in-laws ' were , he said : ' i 'm hope i 'm not being too , how can i say , forward . ' the man repeatedly sent ms berry messages featuring photos of himself and kissing emoticons . the man has sent her 18 messages since she made the call , some of which have referred to his family in liverpool , making ms berry fear he may try to approach her . she told the manchester evening news : ' it is quite scary , it is quite distressing . he wo n't leave me alone . being pestered by someone i do n't know gets me quite nervous . ' the man has now been suspended by vodafone , which says it has a number of call centres in the uk but also sends some callers through to their office in south africa . a spokesman said : ' we take allegations of this kind extremely seriously . we have spoken to ms berry and the adviser concerned has been suspended pending a full investigation . '