in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant . it is little surprise the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ‘ beneath one’s dignity’ . but the rare archive photo , and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling , have been discovered in a hitler ‘ fan magazine’ from the thirties . in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree . the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ‘ beneath one’s dignity’ . hitler seems ill at ease with his hands , squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets in one photo , and perching them awkwardly on his hips in another . in one ridiculous picture , he tilts his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera , topped off by a military cap . it must have felt better than it looked , for after seeing the portrait , he never wore the cap again . in another photo , hitler tries to strike a casual-yet-serious pose as he balances on the edge of a log cabin veranda showing off his knobbly knees . a snap of him relaxing in a deckchair in a meadow is proof , were it needed , that in those days leaders did not have expert public relations advisers close at hand . the theatrical wartime leader’s personal photographer heinrich hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for hitler’s own use . but they ended up in the hitler fanzine - deutschland erwache ( germany awaken ) - full of hero worship and pin-up pictures of the fuhrer , published by his fervent henchman baldur von shirach . a tattered copy of the magazine was found by a british soldier in a bombed german house after the war . souvenir-hunting pioneer corps private alf roberts , from barnsley , yorkshire , brought it home along with a german medal and bayonet . now , 70 years later , military historians have had it translated and are about to publish it in britain . von shirach gushes : ‘ we who have had the privilege of being able to work with him have come to worship and love him . ’ he describes the mass-murdering monster as ‘ honest , steadfast and modest’ displaying ‘ strength and kindness’ and whose ‘ soul brushed against the stars’ . the theatrical wartime leader’s personal photographer heinrich hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for hitler’s own use , but they ended up in the hitler fanzine - deutschland erwache ( germany awaken ) . his poetic fawning continues page after page , but the magazine is nonetheless a compelling read thanks to the ludicrous vanity of the fuhrer photos . von shirach was only 18 when he met hitler in munich in 1925 . he quickly moved up the national socialist ranks through his leadership of the nazi students association . in 1945 he was tried at nuremberg and sentenced to 20 years in berlin-spandau prison . he died in 1974 . photographer hoffmann died in 1957 . he had also introduced hitler to his assistant , eva braun , who became his lover and died with him in 1945 . translation of the ‘fanzine’ was made difficult by it having been buried in the rubble of a bombed house and having suffered water damage . but with salvaged illustrations and some replacement photos , it is to be published this month by military experts pen & sword books under the title the rise of hitler . translator trevor salisbury said : ‘ the book is typical of the propaganda of the time , with the obvious non-critical acceptance of everything hitler was and what he stood for . ‘ it attempted to present him as a peace-loving man who dearly loved children and was kind to all . as we all know , the truth was completely different . ’