the son of a labour councillor who was stopped at the turkish border and arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released without charge . waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of councillor shakil ahmed , was accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight of his relatives and was arrested when he landed in the uk earlier this week . greater manchester police confirmed that six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at manchester airport , plus a 30-year-old man arrested in the rochdale area , have been released without charge . scroll down for video . released : waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of councillor shakil ahmed , has been released without charge . university student waheed , from rochdale , greater manchester , and eight of his relatives - including four children ranging from a one-year-old baby to an 11-year-old - were stopped on the turkish border with syria on april 1 . they were arrested by turkish police within walking distance of the border in the town of reyhanli . waheed was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers on april 14 . he was held at birmingham airport by anti-terrorism police . the following day , four of his family members - two women aged 22 and 47 , and two men aged 22 and 24 , were held at manchester airport after being brought back to the uk from turkey . late on monday , a 30-year-old man from rochdale was arrested . waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale labour councillor shakil ahmed ( pictured above with ed miliband ) . waheed ahmed , a university student from rochdale , greater manchester was arrested at birmingham airport . the four children on the trip aged one , three , eight and 11 , have also been flown back to the uk . labour councillor shakil ahmed arriving back at his home today bur he refused to comment on his son 's arrest . police have said the six people arrested on suspicion of commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism have been released without charge . a force statement read : ' no evidence was uncovered to suggest any imminent threat to the communities of rochdale or the uk . ' waheed 's father shakil ahmed , a bakery delivery driver who has been pictured with party leader ed miliband , is a councillor in rochdale . earlier this month , mr ahmed told the daily mail he believed his son had been on holiday with other relatives when they were stopped . in a statement councillor shakil ahmed said : ' my son is a good muslim and his loyalties belong to britain , so i do n't understand what he 's doing there . ' if i thought for a second that he was in danger of being radicalised , i would have reported him to the authorities . ' he 's studying a degree in politics and sociology at manchester university and has a good future ahead of him . ' the territory on the syrian side of the stretch of border that they were attempting to cross is controlled by the nusra front , the syrian branch of al qaeda . greater manchester police and the north west counter terrorism unit began an investigation after news of the arrests emerged . five houses , including that of ahmed’s father , were searched as part of attempts to establish why the group apparently tried to enter syria . shakil refused to comment when he was contacted by mailonline today . waheed ahmed was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers on april 14 .