most street festivals are happy to throw a few cuts of meat on a barbecue , or perhaps even have a hog roast . in one corner of china , however , a full camel in a giant oven is the order of the day . the 450kg ( 990lb ) beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln , the people’s daily online reported . scroll down for video . preparing : the camel is first coated with a yellow marinade before being put into the six-metre kiln . spectacular : the camel is hoisted out of the kiln after being roasted on the street of jining in northwest china . ready : the feast was prepared by momin hopur , a local celebrity chef and fourth-generation grill master . the chef and his apprentices took five days building the special kiln , which then had to be warmed up for 48 hours . momin hopur , a uighur celebrity chef , spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual apricot tourism festival last week in yining county in north xinjiang . the kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks , yellow mud and salt . hopur and his apprentices spent five days erecting the cooking device and warmed it up for 48 hours before the big day . “ the brick kiln was pre-heated for 48 hours , ” said mr hopur , who is the fourth generation of a family of grill masters from bachu county , according to tianshan network . “ before the camel was roasted , it was marinated with a special seasoning containing 36 herbs then it was covered with sesames , ” added mr hopur . meal was served at 2pm to hundreds of long-awaited customers . highly anticipated : hundreds of customers line up to buy the roast , which took five hours to cook . delicious : hopur and his team serve roast camel to a crowd who waited for as long as three hours for a slice . “i’ve never seen a camel being cooked like this , ” said local resident kurbanjan who – after waiting for three hours -- was the first in the queue to buy the roast , which was made with a marinade that included eggs , flour and 36 herbs . “ after i tasted it , i found it really tasty , ” added kurbanjan . this was the sixth camel hopur had roasted during the festival . chef : delighted by the popularity of his roast , hopur is to transport 20 more camels the festival in jining . popular : this is the sixth camel hopur has roasted during the festival . delighted by their popularity , the local celebrity chef has decided to transport 20 more camels to jining to feed the festival goers . “ i haven’t slept for three days as i need to give constant attention to the temperature of the fire , but i’m very happy to see that people like my camel , ” said hopur to china news service . the apricot tourism festival opened on april 3rd and is set to last for 10 days .