barcelona stars neymar , dani alves and adriano looked delighted following their vital win over celta vigo in la liga - but their choice of matching denim was somewhat questionable . the flamboyant brazilians all played their part in helping the catalonian side return home with all three points , following jeremy mathieu 's winning goal . neymar took to instagram after his side returned to the summit of la liga : ' we got home ... important victory ... congratulations guys ! ! ! vamo to top . ' dani alves ( from left ) , adriano and neymar were delighted with their hard-fought victory over celta vigo . dani alves , who 's being linked with a move away from the nou camp , also posted a similar picture of the trio . he said : ' a great day at work , a little trairagem in the picture lol return to home with my brothas @ neymarjr @ adriano21c . joy , joy , one is that every day . ' game winner mathieu admits his side were poor and puts it down to the international break . the three brazilians all started for barcelona and played a crucial role in the win which saw them go top . ' celta played well for the whole 90 minutes , but there are games that are won on little details , ' the centre-back told the club 's official website . ' it was a tough game . paying after international matches is more difficult because the dynamics of the team are a bit off . ' in the first half we suffered a lot . we are barca , but we also suffer . jeremy mathieu ( centre ) admits his side were poor throughout the match and blamed the internationals . the frenchman celebrates after scoring the winning goal after 73 minutes despite their poor display . ' however , the most important thing is getting the three points . ' the frenchman praised his defensive partner gerard pique for his impressive display against a tough opposition . ' playing with pique is very simple , ' he added . ' he is outstanding - it is amazing to play with him . ' mathieu praised gerard pique ( right ) after his impressive defensive display for barcelona on sunday .