manchester city under 18s boss jason wilcox , whose side take on chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final on monday , is aiming to emulate united 's famous class of '92 . wilcox , himself let go by his current employers as a teenager , could field a starting xi of players all born in greater manchester for the clash against the favoured opponents from west london . and , while it may be unlikely anyone will emulate a golden generation across town that yielded the likes of the neville brothers , paul scholes , nicky butt , ryan giggs and david beckham , the ex-blackburn winger believes that is the target . manchester city under 18s manager jason wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team . wilcox talks with manchester city elite development squad coach patrick vieira . ' it could happen again but they were freak years , ' wilcox said . ' you look at united as a one-off , barcelona the same . ' our job is to recruit local lads . if we can get a group of manchester-born lads into the first team then that 's the ideal scenario . to do that is going to be really difficult but that 's the challenge . ' the first leg will take place under lights at the impressive , newly-opened 7,200-capacity stadium within the grounds of the £200m etihad campus , a sprawling complex aimed at kickstarting a conveyor belt of homegrown talent and defying those who claim the club have no interest nurturing growth from within . wilcox believes those facilities , coupled with elite coaching , stand city in good stead when it comes to recruiting talent . wilcox hopes to emulate manchester united 's ' class of 92 ' but says it will be very difficult . ' we do n't want local lads playing for tottenham , arsenal or chelsea , ' he said . ' it 's up to us to make sure that , via the scouting , we have at least the opportunity of showing them our programme . i 'm convinced once they see us it 's very difficult to walk away from . ' will the final , between two clubs often criticised for spending millions of foreign players , be a chance to stick two fingers up to football association chairman greg dyke , who a year ago described the lack of english talent at manchester city as ' pretty depressing ' ? wilcox does not want to get into that . 'there’s a lot of media attention from greg dyke with regards to increasing the home-grown quota , ' he said . wilcox believes city 's new etihad campus will stand club in good stead when it comes to recruiting youngsters . a look inside one of the gyms at manchester city 's training complex . ' we can’t get embroiled in that because , for us , it’s a day-to-day question of how do we improve players ? ' proposals have already been put forward with regards to home-grown quotas . if he ( dyke ) wants to increase it , then that is up to him . but whether you increase or lower the numbers , it doesn’t change the fact that you have to be good enough to get through . ' wilcox knows all about being good enough to get through at a club where money is no object . the bolton youngster , who joined blackburn at 14 , was the only youth product to regularly appear in their jack walker-fuelled premier league triumph in 1995 . ' when i was a young player at blackburn jack walker came in and brought kenny ( dalglish ) , ' he said . manchester city 's isaac buckley ricketts ( left ) celebrates scoring during the semi-final against leicester . ' you go two ways . do i go elsewhere and take my chances or have i got stomach for fight and see what happens ? luckily for me i was the only homegrown player which was a great privilege . now i 'm passing my experience to younger ones . ' wilcox 's arrival at ewood park came after rejection at none other than city . he remembers it well . 'i’d joined city at 13 and got released at 14 , ' he recalled . 'it’s quite fitting really because when i’m speaking to younger players i can always recall that chat if you like . i think at that time it was a case of i just got told that they were not going to retain me on a year’s contract . ' it was devastating at the time . everything was going really well . but to be told that it is tough for a young kid . but i just recall my own experience whenever i have to tell the lads and have the younger age groups . you have to go through some period in your life like that where not everything is going to go fantastically well . ' wilcox was one of the only graduate players to feature regularly for blackburn during title-winning season . city manager manuel pellegrini will be at the etihad campus , as will england under 21s chief gareth southgate . things have not gone according to plan for the chilean 's first team this season , but does wilcox believe their struggles have increased the pressure on his youngsters to deliver the club 's only silverware this season ? ' not really , ' he said . ' at the start of the year , irrespective of what was happening at first-team level , the fa youth cup was a chance for our players to be put in a situation where they are being put under a bit of pressure and i think it’s great that they are being put under a bit of pressure . ' aided by wilcox 's wise head , they appear to be thriving under it .