chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . the japan international , who has played for the j-league side since 2013 , will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . ogane claims that chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february . fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto ( centre ) brings the ball forward against albirex niigata in march . fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims that chelsea have made a bid for japan international muto . muto tussles with yuji nakazawa of yokohama f.marinos during a j-league clash last month . age : 22 . club : fc tokyo . appearances : 37 . goals : 16 . international caps ( japan ) : 11 . international goals : 1 . did you know ? muto graduated from keio university in tokyo with an economics degree two weeks ago . speaking to sports nippon , ogane said : ' it is true that chelsea sent us an offer for muto . ' it is a formal offer with conditions . they want to acquire him in the summer . ' muto , who only graduated from keio university a fortnight ago after completing an economics degree , would be the first japanese player to represent chelsea if he moves to west london . he has earned 11 caps for his country after signing his first professional contract in 2014 , scoring once for the samurai blue . a £4million deal for the youngster has been mooted , but muto admits that he is n't sure if he will join the premier league title chasers despite being pleased with their bid . he said : ' i have not decided yet at all . it is an honour for me to receive this offer from a great club . ' muto scored 13 times in his debut season with fc tokyo and was named in the j-league 's best xi . muto admits it is an ' honour ' to receive an offer from chelsea although he has not yet decided to join the club . muto , pictured in action against ventforet kofu has scored three goals in four games so far this season . the 22-year-old has a shot at goal during japan 's asian cup match against palestine in january this year . he has continued his fine form during the current campaign , helping his club to third place in the division with three goals in four games . yokohama rubber - one of the world 's largest tyre manufacturers - will become chelsea 's official shirt sponsors from the start of the 2015-16 season . the initial five-year deal is the biggest in the club 's history , with the blues now considering a two-week pre-season tour of japan this summer . 