a former new york city investment banker faces trial in eastern long island on charges he raped a woman he took home after celebrating his birthday at a hamptons nightclub . jason lee , 38 , a former managing director at goldman sachs , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton . lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail . he has opted for a non-jury trial before suffolk county court judge barbara kahn . charged : former goldman sachs managing director jason lee , 38 , faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old irish woman in the hamptons in august 2013 . lee 's attorney , manhattan lawyer andrew lankler , did not respond to email and telephone messages seeking comment . a lawyer who represented lee at his arraignment in 2013 said his client was innocent and that the sex was consensual . prosecutors said lee was celebrating his birthday at georgica restaurant and lounge in wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party . the woman , a then-20-year-old irish student said that once at the house , lee undressed , forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor . scene : this is the house on clover leaf lane in east hampton , new york , where the sexual assault allegedly occurred . restaurant : the group met at georgica 's restaurant and lounge , pictured , popular with the jetset summer crowd of east hampton . suffolk county district attorney tom spota said the woman was treated at a hospital following the assault . a nurse , who was trained in sexual assault cases , examined the woman after the alleged incident and said her injuries , including bruises , were consistent with her allegations , according to the irish times . at the time of the incident , police who arrived at the house reportedly found the banker cowering in his range rover . it also emerged lee 's own friend , rene duncan , called the police , believing one of the alleged victim 's friends had stolen a car from lee 's rental home . accused : lee was a managing director for goldman sachs and works at the investment bank 's headquarters at 200 west street in lower manhattan . a representative from the company said he left the firm last year . but when police arrived , the young woman 's brother drew a female officer aside and led her into the house where his sobbing sister reported she had been raped , according to the east hampton star . a source told the newspaper that lee then went to the driveway of the $ 33,000-a-month summer home he was renting , got into his late model range rover , which was dark with tinted windows , and hid . but officers soon found him cowering inside , the source said . one of the other foreign students borrowed duncan 's car to drive home another friend and did not return , prompting duncan to call the cops . however , the car was found the next day . spota said the woman was was working in the u.s. at the time and was visiting her brother in the hamtons . she is expected to return to the united states from ireland to testify during the trial . opening statement are scheduled for wednesday morning . a goldman sachs spokesman said lee left the firm sometime last year ; he had worked in the equity capital markets department .