the pfa has announced its women 's player of the year nominees for the 2014-15 season . eniola aluko , lucy bronze , karen carney , jess clarke , kelly smith and ji so-yun have all made the shortlist . chelsea and england forward aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the blues this season . chelsea and england forward eniola aluko has been nominated for the pfa women 's player of the year award . pfa player of the year . pfa young player of the year . the former birmingham and charlton striker has represented england at all levels from under 17 upwards . the 28-year-old is well course to winning 100 caps for her country . manchester city defender bronze is the current holder of the women 's pfa players ' player of the year award following her standout performances during the 2013-14 women’s super league . manchester city defender lucy bronze is the current holder women 's pfa players ' player of the year award . the 23-year-old played an integral part of the liverpool side that won back-to-back wsl titles in 2013 and 2014 . in november 2014 , following her second league title with the reds , bronze signed for city . birmingham city forward carney was the first woman to be inducted into the club 's hall of fame . the 27-year-old also holds the distinction of being the youngest player to earn 100 caps for her country . birmingham city defender karen carney ( left ) challenges manchester city's isobel christiansen . carney made her senior birmingham city debut at the age of just 14 and helped them win the fa women 's cup in 2012 . she was twice named fa young player of the year . notts county midfielder clarke has represented england at under 15 , 17 and 19 levels and currently has more than 40 senior caps to her name since making her full international debut in 2009 . arsenal forward smith called time on her england career this season but is currently enjoying her third spell with the gunners . arsenal captain kelly smith ( right ) holds off chelsea midfielder ji so-yun . smith represented her country 117 times during a career that spanned two decades . she is england 's all-time leading scorer with 46 goals to her name . chelsea midfiedler ji so-yun has made a huge impact with the london club since she joined from japanese side kobe inac leonessa last year . the south korea international has earned more than 60 caps .