the surviving daughters of a mother who has been imprisoned for strangling six of her children to death moments after they were born are standing by their murderous mom . megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns , then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in pleasant grove , utah . a judge today handed huntsman six sentences of five years to life - but family members rallied round her even as her ' cold and calculated ' crimes were recounted to the court . scroll down for video . prison : megan huntsman , 40 , was today given six terms of five years to life in prison after admitting the murders . three will run consecutively , which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison - and likely much longer . she is pictured today in court . grisly : investigators are shown above searching huntsman 's garage , where a total of seven baby corpses were found in cardboard boxes . one of the children was stillborn - huntsman strangled the rest . huntsman , a meth addict , told police that she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she could n't care for them . local reports from the courtroom told how hunstman 's attorney took to the stand and read out letters from two of her daughters , who were born before her addiction began . the letters drew a stark contrast between the loving mother they say they knew , and the type of woman who would kill her own flesh and blood on six different occasions . her mother , joyce huntsman , was reportedly in court - and took the stand to tearfully defend her daughter despite the heinous crimes . discovery : hunstman , left , was arrested after her estranged husband darren west , right , found the bodies in her garage . west , who previously served time in prison , is not considered a suspect in their deaths . scene : her estranged husband found one of the babies ' bodies while cleaning out the garage at her pleasent grove , utah home , pictured , in april last year . she told the court that the woman who committed the crimes was ' not my megan ' . according to the ksl local news station , a detective recounted huntsman 's cold and deliberate method of execution . unwitting : west , pictured after the sentencing , is thought not have known nothing about the murders . the officer said huntsman told she would take the babies in her hands when they were just minutes old . then , he said , she would press on their necks with her thumbs until they choked to death . she would then put their tiny bodies in . ultimately the corpses of seven babies were found - one of which was determined to have been stillborn . the crimes were uncovered by huntsman 's husband darren west - now estranged - who called police when he found the first body . the births and murders are said to have taken place from 1996 to 2006 . according to stunned neighbors when she was arrested , huntsman was ' perpetually slim ' and they would never have suspected she was pregnant . the sentences handed down to huntsman today were the maximum possible for her crimes . three of them will be served consecutively - meaning she will spend a minimum of 15 years inside , and likely much longer . the sentence brings closure to a case that sent shockwaves through the quiet , mostly mormon community where huntsman stored the tiny bodies for more than a decade . the small city of pleasant grove is south of salt lake city .  