rock hudson once called him his ' one true love , ' and now lee garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with the iconic hollywood actor - and the lengths they went to in order to keep his sexuality a secret . garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star . ' i think he had me checked out , ' says garlington in an interview with people . scroll down for video . lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson ( above with james dean and elizabeth taylor on the set of giant ) . hudson was briefly married to phyllis gates ( wedding photo above ) from 1955 to 1958 . garlington says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking , and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer , but soon they were spending all their time together . ' i 'd come over after work , spend the night and leave the next morning , ' says garlington . ' i 'd sneak out at 6am in my chevy nova and coast down the street without turning on the engine so the neighbors would n't hear . we thought we were being so clever . ' garlington says he would sneak over to the hudson 's house ( above with friend doris day ) after work , and leave first thing in the morning . as for social events , he says the two would just each bring a date so people did not know they were in fact dating . this lasted for three years , from 1962 until 1965 , and while their sneaking around seemed to work for awhile , hudson became concerned after learning that a female fan had broken into his home as he had photos of garlington , a stockbroker , in his bedside table . ' she did n't find them , but it shook him up , ' say garlington . ' he realized he was vulnerable . he put gates on the house after that . ' soon after the couple parted ways , but garlington reveals he had no idea how much the actor cared for him until he read his biography , released after he died of aids in 1985 , in which he called him his ' true love . ' ' i broke down and cried , ' he says . ' i just lost it . he said his mother and i were the only people he ever loved . i had no idea i meant that much to him . ' garlington says hudson ( left with taylor , right with marilyn monroe ) would being a female date whenever they went out . hudson , who was briefly married to phyllis gates from 1955 to 1958 , would never publicly come out of the closet before his death , though many of his closets friends , including elizabeth taylor and marilyn monroe , were said to have known about his lifestyle . the actor , whose breakout role came opposite taylor and james dean in the 1956 film giant , for which he would go on to be nominated for an oscar , would have other relationships with men over the course of his life , most notably marc christian . christian , who met hudson in 1982 , would later sue the actor 's estate after his death and win $ 5.5million after claiming he never informed him that he had aids , and continued to have sexual contact with him after he was diagnosed . more of garlington 's interview , as well as one with hudson 's former costar and friend doris day , can be found in this week 's issue of people .