tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling’s face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday . footage this week emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria . but sherwood said : ‘ let 's hope he 's not laughing after sunday . ’ aston villa boss tim sherwood is hoping they can cause a fa cup semi-final shock vs liverpool on sunday . raheem sterling ( right ) was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . the aston villa manager knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach the fa cup final may rest on taming sterling , a player he tried to sign for tottenham hotpur’s academy as a schoolboy . the 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch , in a contract stand-off with liverpool and coming under question for his recreational activities . sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes as well as taking so-called ‘ hippy crack’ through a balloon . sherwood said that was wrong but added : ‘ i have a wee bit of sympathy . i am not condoning it , but he is a young man , isn’t he ? he obviously has fortunes but is growing up like everyone else . it is tough in the public eye . ’ sherwood can remember being wowed by a 14-year-old sterling on the books at queens park rangers , but was unable to convince spurs to commit the money required to sign him . instead , sterling headed to anfield for £600,000 in 2010 . ‘ a lot of academies pick players on size because the bigger kids normally push the little kids over and their teams can win the games , ’ said sherwood . ‘ he wouldn’t be much different from what he is now but you wouldn’t want to fight him would you ? ’ sherwood has been a fan of liverpool starlet sterling ( left ) ever since he was 14 and on the books at qpr . another liverpool player sherwood discussed on friday was steven gerrard , whose birthday falls on the fa cup final on may 30 . those associated with the merseyside club feel an ideal silverware send-off is brewing before gerrard heads to la galaxy . ‘ believe it or not it’s not about spoiling the party for steven gerrard , ’ insisted sherwood . ‘it’s about what we can do . to be honest we’re hoping he’s on his holiday in may . ’ sherwood played against a teenage gerrard in his latter days and hailed the 34-year-old’s clear talent from the off . he added : ‘i’m sure steven could still do a job for a premier league side but i’m not sure he can go and play for anyone other than liverpool . he can earn £1 a week or £200,000 , he’ll still play the same way . that’s a dying breed – there aren’t many of them about . ’ sherwood has led a villa resurgence since taking over in february , steering the club away from relegation danger and into this wembley showpiece . they are on a run of four wins in seven . liverpool have captain steven gerrard ( centre ) back for the fa cup semi after serving a three-match ban . the match could be gerrard 's ( left ) last in the competition before his move to la galaxy in the summer . sherwood believes villa can upset favourites liverpool . ‘it’s a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an fa cup final , ’ he said . ‘i’ve lost a few semi-finals myself , not a great feeling . ‘we’re going in with a positive state of mind . this club’s relegation is not at stake , it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club . ‘ we have the mindset to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good liverpool side , that’s what we intend to do . ‘ we think we’re capable , we have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at time . we’re prepared to mix it up , we have a plan . ’ despite the possible return of gerrard , sherwood is confident his villa side can cause a shock at wembley .