the mother of a high school student who has been prevented from attending classes as a consequence for not wearing the right style shoes has expressed her outrage over the ' ridiculous ' situation . riley filmer , 14 , turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at mcclelland college , in melbourne 's south-east , only to be told that the black soft-leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards . the year eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day , and has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident , which her mother anne parker claims has disadvantaged and excluded her daughter . riley filmer , 14 , has been prevented from attending classes at her melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines . the secondary school 's policy outlined in the 2015 personal learning journal states that girls are to wear ' black leather lace-up school shoes ( not fashion heels ) ' for both summer and winter uniforms , a guideline which ms parker said riley 's shoes meet . ms parker said that after going through five pairs of shoes in four school terms , she decided that her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs . ' rain , hail , or shine riley has to walk to catch the bus , and then switch to another bus to get to school because of my work , and so we decided to look into a different type of shoe than the ones we had been buying , ' ms parker told daily mail australia . ' is it that big a deal that my daughter has shoes they do n't care for ? kids walk and skate , and catch a bus or a train , not every child gets driven to school . the rules need to cater for comfortable and practical shoes , ' she said . the rubber-soled soft leather lace-ups were pointed out by a teacher on the first day of term , and riley was taken to the school 's office , where she was offered a pair of shoes from lost property , and remained until the end of the day . ms parker was not contacted to let her know that her daughter had been taken out of class , and said that she has had no contact with the principal of the school , amadeo ferra , despite mr ferra issuing a statement on thursday reinforcing the uniform guidelines . the secondary school 's policy states that girls are to wear ' black leather lace-up school shoes ( not fashion heels ) ' , which ms parker said the shoes comply to . ms parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs . ' i just ca n't make sense of this . they 've shifted the goal posts on what they are expecting of the uniform . when i spoke to the vice-principal yesterday i was told that her shoes are n't the type of shoes they 're looking for , even though they are black leather lace-ups , ' she said . ms parker was informed that the school was looking for shoes with more of a heel , but has been left baffled as to why her daughter is being punished for a non-existent rule . ' why has she not been allowed to attend class while this grey area is being cleared up ? if i decided to pull her out of school for four days , i would be in trouble . but for some reason they can pull my daughter out of classes simply because they do n't like her shoes ' . the 14-year-old has not been allowed back into classes since monday , which ms parker said has caused significant issues when it comes to her daughter completing her school work . ' the school said that she has n't been given an in-school suspension , but i do n't know how else to look at it . she ca n't go to class . what is that if not a suspension ? ' ms parker said . ' she has been allowed to approach each of her teachers at the beginning of the lesson to ask for work , and some have given her work , but some have n't , ' she said . ' it 's the start term and so she is really struggling to complete work because she 's not in class to have things explained to her . ' ms parker also said that she pointed out to the school that being unable to attend classes and prevented from joining in with her classmates was exclusion , which went against the school 's own policy . the school offered to buy riley a pair of shoes which met the standards of the uniform policy , but ms parker said that she had declined the offer as she did not understand why her daughter was not able to wear comfortable shoes that she already owned . ms parker said that her daughter was being excluded from classes , which breached mcclelland college 's own policy on bullying and harassment . mcclelland college 's principal amadeo ferra said that the school was sticking by the uniform policy . mr ferra released a statement on thursday addressing the issue . ' our students are expected to wear black leather lace-up shoes . shoes with a flat sole — ‘skate-style shoes’ — are not acceptable , ' mr ferra said . ' we have done everything to assist the family concerned , including offering the student a pair of appropriate shoes , ' he said . ' we still expect the student to wear the appropriate shoes but will be ensuring she receives regular classroom teaching , which is what we have always wanted , ' reported the herald sun . mr ferra said that mcclelland college 's uniform policy was set by the school council , and involved consultation with the school community . ms parker said that she was disappointed and frustrated with the school , and could n't understand why her daughter 's shoes were drawing so much attention when the school had much larger issues . ' i had another parent say to me that she could n't believe they were worried about school shoes when there are students walking around the local shops in school hours , ' she said . ' other parents have thanked me for sticking up for the kids and not letting the issue be swept under the carpet . ' ' it seems trivial and sad when we look at what 's going on in society and with kids these days . i just find it ridiculous ' . ms parker has contacted her local mp , and has also submitted a complaint with the victorian board of education , and hopes to get a response within the next two days . mcclelland college has been contacted for comment . 