the number of chinese tourists eager to travel the world has risen dramatically over the last few years , and beijing international airport is launching the world 's biggest terminal to cope with the substantial increase . opening in 2018 , the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . renown british-iraqi architect , zaha hadid , has collaborated with airport developers adpi to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances , and increase connectivity . scroll down for video . terminal 1 at beijing international airport is set to the largest in the world , in order to cope with the surge in tourist numbers . aiming to be the perfect welcome to beijing , the designs focus on creating a feeling of space and openness , which is reflected in the flowing lines of the roof , and the lack of pillars inside . all the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard , which will be a meeting place for passengers who have travelled from around the globe . zaha hadid 's website states that the structure of terminal 1 will guide users seamlessly and harmoniously through the building by public spaces that flow into each other , reflecting the harmony and balance between chinese landscape and culture . it is hoped to combine the rich chinese culture , with its impressive future on the worldwide stage . the huge terminal will focus on wide open spaces , made possible by the lack of pillars and flowing roof design . the international airport , which also goes by the name of daxing airport , is the second busiest in the world , after hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport which saw 96 million passengers pass through it last year . london heathrow was the third busiest in the world with over 73 million passengers . the new terminal reflects research by the bank of america merrill lynch which found that there were 109 million chinese tourists in 2014 , who spent $ 164 billion . these figures are a dramatic increase from the 10 million outbound tourists in 2000 . opening in 2018 , the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45 million passengers a year .