a precious couple , who have been through thick and thin together for the last seven years , have finally committed to tying the knot in a glitzy wedding that will see all funds raised go to charity . jasper and jasmine may not be your regular bride and groom , but the rescued pugs ' may 17 ceremony at the st kilda beachfront in melbourne will have some of the biggest stylists and designers ensuring their big day runs smoothly . both adorable dogs were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems . jasper ( left ) and jasmine ( right ) will be ' married ' in a charity event in may to raise money for pug rescue and adoption victoria . both adorable dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems . both were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind . after six months of rehabilitation , in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored , they were found a loving new home . they were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis , where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas . jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion , a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes . after six months of rehabilitation , in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored - and jasper underwent entropion surgery to reshape and remodel his eyelids as well as major dental work - , both dogs managed to find a loving home with alison and matt rowe . the couple , who describe their new pets as inseparable , soon decided that jasper and jasmine 's relationship was like that of a boyfriend and girlfriend . valentines day : their new owners noticed a great bond between the dogs and always joked they were boyfriend and girlfriend . ' at the day spa getting ready for our engagement photoshoot ' : they decided to ' wed ' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save them . jasmine gets fitted for her wedding gown : the well-awaited wedding dress will be designed and created by former project runway designer craig braybrook ( left ) , a pug owner and lover . ' they sleep together , they eat together , they bath together and cuddle each other every day . they are so close they even clean each other 's ears , ' alison said . the notion presented the perfect idea for a fundraiser event for pug rescue and adoption victoria , which rescues and cares for up to 100 surrendered pugs each year . running entirely on donations , vet discounts and the kindness and passion of their volunteers , the organisation hopes to raise enough money through admission tickets and the wedding 's ' gift registry ' to continue funding the various operations required by newcomers . jasmine 's bridal consultation saw her try on her custom headpiece for the big day . ' jasper i love you jasi xx ' : ' they sleep together , they eat together , they bath together and cuddle each other every day . they are so close they even clean each other 's ears , ' owner alison rowe said . pug rescue and adoption victoria run entirely on donations , vet discounts and the kindness and passion of their volunteers . ' we are a foster based group - we do n't have a shelter or kennels or office . all the dogs are fostered in volunteer 's homes and cared for by their foster parents . no one is paid within our organisation and we started up about five years ago , ' founder joana herceg told daily mail australia . ' why pugs ? you need dedicated breed rescuers because a lot of the time , pugs will come into care and volunteers will pick-up a medical issues that an old owner or vet did n't pick up - it might be behaviour that people might think is unusual or naughty , but is really just how a pug behaves . ' the bride and groom are lucky enough to have renowned australian event designer and pug lover christian wagstaff - who has worked on the crown casino , the logies and melbourne 's food and wine festival - styling their big day . the organisation hopes to raise enough money through admission tickets and the wedding 's ' gift registry ' to continue funding the various operations required by newcomers . the bridal party ( pictured , with jasper and jasmine in the centre ) will also be dressed to impress at the extravagant event . the bride and groom ( pictured ) are lucky enough to have renowned australian event designer and pug lover christian wagstaff - who has worked on the crown casino , the logies and melbourne 's food and wine festival - styling their big day . more than 300 people and 60 pugs are expected to attend the wedding , but ms herceg said virtual tickets for the live stream of the event can also be purchased by pug-lovers who ca n't attend in person . meanwhile jasmine 's well-awaited wedding dress will be designed and created by former project runway designer craig braybrook , another pug owner and lover . a pug bridal party will also be dressed to impress at the extravagant event . more than 300 people and 60 pugs are expected to attend the wedding , but ms herceg said virtual tickets for the live stream of the event can also be purchased by pug-lovers who ca n't attend in person . guests will be treated with drinks , canapés , wedding cake , music and inspiring rescue and rehabilitation stories while a ' treats bar ' will cater to pug guests . to attend jasmine and jasper 's wedding or support the organisation that rescued them , please visit www.jasperandjasmine.com .