two thieves murdered a pensioner and dumped his body in an abandoned mine then made it look like a cycling accident , a court heard today . kevin cooper and trewen kevern allegedly beat david alderson and left him to drown , before using his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he also kept a haul of guns . police originally thought that the 72-year-old victim - a keen cyclist - had died as a result of falling from his bike , because he was dressed in lycra at the time . killed : david alderson was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in january last year . but truro crown court heard that kevern , 22 and cooper , 34 - two cousins whose relatives were close to mr alderson - lured him to a disused mine at wheal maid near carharrack in devon and killed him in january last year . prosecutor martin meeke qc told the jury : ' david alderson was beaten about the head , possibly until he was unconscious . his body was dragged to a pond into which he was dumped face down . ' in the pond he drowned . “ whether his head was forced down into the water we can not be sure . the only survivors were these defendants . ” ' trial : kevin cooper is accused of murdering mr alderson alongside his cousin trewen kevern . cooper and kevern then went to the victim 's flat in falmouth and used his stolen keys to steal £40,000 in cash which he kept in a safe . mr meeke said of mr alderson : '”he was a keen cyclist and frequently to be seen around falmouth on a racing bike . he often wore cycling shoes and leggings even when he was not on his bike . '“he was wearing such an outfit when his body was found in the pond . it was at first thought that he had a cycling accident . '“cycling was not his only interest . another interest was guns . he had a collection of guns . all the guns were licensed and were legally held by david alderson . there were ten of them there . ” ' he was a member of the land’s end shooting club and he had a substantial amount of ammunition at his flat –- the guns and ammo were held in two different safes in his flat . ' the jury heard that mr alderson , who kept the keys to his flat , car and safe on a cord round his neck , was ' not short of cash ' and had once withdrawn more than £43,000 in £50 notes from his local bank . he was planning to buy a third safe for ' something highly illegal ' , believed to be two unlicensed guns , the court was told . kevern 's sister tammy lived in a flat below mr alderson , and grew close to the pensioner before his death , calling him ' granddad ' , jurors heard . discovery : mr alderson 's body was found at the wheal maid mine in cornwall . mr alderson gave tammy a £1,000 gift and changed the terms of his will to leave his estate to her instead of his own estranged children . mr meeke said that on the night of his death , cooper had lured mr alderson to the disused copper mine by making him think he was collecting the illegal guns he wanted . after they killed him , cooper and kevern made up a cover story about robbing a travellers ' site in order to hide the truth from their family , the court heard . both defendants deny murder . the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .