a mother-of-four whose addiction to red bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis . sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine . the law student spent a staggering £5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 . scroll down for video . sarah weatherill , 31 , was so addicted to red bull she drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic , depressed , suffering heart palpitations and constantly anxious . her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams . she soon became dependent on the drink and could n't get out of bed unless she knew she had some in the fridge . she also became lethargic , depressed , had heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her £105-a-week habit spiralled out of control . she finally decided to do something about the problem after she realised the constant need for the red bull was severely damaging her health . and after seeing hypnotherapist earlier this month , she claims she has been cured of her addiction thanks to just one 50-minute session . her habit had been so dangerous she needed to cut down to eight cans a day in the run up to the hypnosis - as coming off so much caffeine abruptly could have caused a seizure . a 250ml can of red bull contains : 80mg of caffeine - the same amount as in an espresso . 27.5g sucrose and glucose combined - the equivalent of almost seven teaspoons of sugar . 10g taurine ( an amino acid that is thought to boost athletic performance ) . b vitamins . ms weatherill 's 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92g of caffeine every day . a 2005 study into caffeine-related deaths said a person would need to ingest 5g to overdose , suggesting she was taking nearly half the potentially lethal dose . ms weatherill , from coventry , said : ' i was studying for a higher national certificate in law in 2005 and used to have the odd red bull for a pick me up . ' it is hard to say when it became every day but i remember that by 2009 i was definitely hooked . ' whenever i felt tired having a red bull would be the first thing i would do . ' it was worst in 2010 when i was doing law exams at university and my children were off school . ' sometimes i would have exams day after day - and with the stress of revising i was having 24 cans a day . ' i was pulling all-nighters and using the drinks to stay awake . in the end , it got to the point where i just needed red bull to function . ' i used to get my shopping delivered and used to have four or five crates and that only lasted for a week - it got out of hand . ' there would be times when i would get palpitations and shakes but i think i just got used to the caffeine . ' red bull - whose slogan says the drink ' gives you wings ' - is made by an austrian company and is the highest selling energy drink in the world . miss weatherill claims she was cured of her addiction in one 50 minutes hypnotherapy session with david kilmurry ( pictured right ) . this table shows a range of drinks in order of caffeine content and their relation to daily allowances . ms weatherill was drinking 1.92g of caffeine every day , way above the recommended limit of 400 mg . the drink has been branded safe by the european food safety authority ( efsa ) and more than five billion cans were sold in 2013 . however , it has been criticised for its high caffeine levels with one 250ml can containing 80mg , similar to one cup of coffee . ms weatherill 's 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92g of the drug every day . a 2005 study into caffeine-related deaths said a person would need to ingest 5g to overdose , suggesting she was taking nearly half of a lethal dose . but , incredibly , she claims she was completely cured of her addiction after a single session with cognitive behavioral hypnotherapist david kilmurry on april 11 . ms weatherill , who lives with boyfriend phil evans , 27 , and four children aged between three and 14 , added : ' i knew at the start of this year it was a dependency so thought i would give hypnotherapy a go . ' it was a weird process , i felt like i was in there for 15 minutes but it was 50 minutes . ' all i can remember is that it was like a kaleidoscope effect , i remember him saying i did n't need red bull . ' ' i am convinced i wo n't have another can . i feel like a different person , ' ms weatherill said after undergoing hypnotherapy to cure her of her energy drink habit . she added : ' it was like a paralysis because i had an itch , but could n't move to scratch it . ' it gave me a lot of strength because in the past i have tried to give up but lasted a week and then gone back to the red bull . ' i am convinced i wo n't have another can . i feel like a different person . ' hypnotherapist mr kilmurry added : ' sarah 's addiction was very serious . ' coming off that amount of caffeine and taurine can lead to seizures , so she gradually reduced her intake before coming to me to make a safe escape . ' energy drink addicts can also suffer insomnia , depression , anxiety and heart palpitations . ' luckily sarah soldiered through and has been amazed at the changes . ' 