glasgow warriors have confirmed that experienced duo al kellock and dougie hall will both start friday night 's guinness pro12 match with cardiff blues at scotstoun . both skipper kellock and hall - who have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club - are to retire come the end of may and each have a maximum of six outings left of their distinguished professional careers . and while warriors head coach gregor townsend was naming his full squad for the blues match on thursday , he announced that the second-row and hooker would start in the pack against the welsh outfit . glasgow warriors veteran al kellock will start at lock against cardiff blues at scotstoun on friday night . the encounter is being billed as a tribute to them both and , in a nice touch by the club , the match ball will be presented by kellock 's dad and hall 's mum along with alistair johnson , who was kellock 's best man , and bernie mitchell , who was an inspirational figure for hall coming through at hillhead/jordanhill . having been a pro player for 13 years and earned 42 scotland caps , hall admits it will be a strange feeling hanging up his boots for good at the end of the current campaign . ' you get to a point where you start thinking to yourself ' this could be the last game of rugby i ever play ' so you want to make the most of it , ' the 34-year-old said . ' i really want to enjoy these last few games , but also stay focused and help the warriors secure a play-off place and hopefully the trophy . glasgow hooker dougie hall is hanging up his boots after 13 years of professional rugby . as retirement draws closer you do start to think more about the things that you love about the game . you start to think about your last team huddle , the last time you will walk out onto the pitch with your team mates and it is those moments that i will miss incredibly . ' since he first played in the equivalent of the pro12 for edinburgh rugby back in 2002/03 hall has seen the standard of all of the sides improve incredibly . as a result , despite the fact that the warriors are first and the blues are 10th in the table , he does not expect an easy night , far from it . ' they have a number of quality players in their side and a lot of internationals while all of the teams are getting better year on year , ' he explained . ' we really have to concentrate on what we are doing ourselves and keep getting results and hopefully that takes care of things and gets us into the play-offs in the coming weeks . ' i hope that gone are the days when the pro12 is looked on as a lesser league , the teams and the talent involved now really is top class . ' gregor townsend 's glasgow side are currently top of the pro12 standings ahead of cardiff 's visit . this season hall has been restricted to seven appearances in the pro12 for the warriors to date , fraser brown and pat macarthur playing the majority of minutes with kevin bryce also pushing hard for game time in the number two jersey . and while hall himself admits that he may not be in the gym as often as the younger trio , he feels the experience he has gained in over 140 match for the club can still help during the league run-in and in the play-offs . ' the last thing you want to do when you have played for all those years is to pick up an injury in the gym , ' hall explained . ' for me now it is all about managing myself throughout the week so that when it comes to getting out on the field i can give it everything . ' as you get older you perhaps become a bit more of a leader in the group , but i like to think i have acted like that since i came to the warriors in 2007 . wales prop gethin jenkins is a doubt for cardiff as the loosehead struggles with a calf strain . ' i was the starting hooker for a number of years and as pat , and more recently , fraser and kevin have come in i hope they have learnt from watching what i do and also have learnt from what i say too . ' meanwhile , cardiff blues prop gethin jenkins is a doubt for the match with a calf strain . the injury forced the wales and british & irish lions ' man off last week in his side 's european rugby challenge cup quarter-final defeat to the dragons . ' gethin has got a calf strain but it is not as bad as we thought . he has n't trained this week so is a doubt , but he is keen to play a few more games for us yet this season , ' blues attack coach paul john said . ' we want to play to a game plan , execute well and perform to the best of our ability . to do justice to the league we have to do that . ' glasgow are a good offloading side , they are a complete side in many ways , and we 've got to control the ball better than we did last weekend . ' 