rory mcilroy admits thursday can not come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the masters . the hype surrounding mcilroy 's attempt to join gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods in winning all four major titles has been building since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july . and although the return of woods to competitive action after two months on the sidelines has taken some of the spotlight off mcilroy , the world no 1 is anxious to let his clubs do the talking . rory mcilroy insists he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the masters . the world no 1 shields himself from the rain as he plays a shot during a practice round . ' i said in the middle of last week , ' if augusta was to start tomorrow , i 'd be okay . i 'm ready , '' mcilroy said on tuesday . ' i think that 's a good indication of where i am with my game . i 've been ready for this thing to start for a week already so just trying to keep my game where it is and do some quality work , not overdo it . ' just do the right amount so that when i got here yesterday for the first time , i was ready to play and just needed to go see the golf course . i was n't working on anything in my game , my swing . was n't thinking about technique at all . just all about hitting the shots i need to and thinking about how to manage my game and get it around here for the next four days . 'results-wise , the last three tournaments have n't been what i 've wanted . i still feel like there 's plenty of positives to take from them , especially doral and bay hill , i felt like i played pretty good there . a couple silly mistakes here and there , but for the most part i felt like i got what i needed out of them . ' but the last two weeks have been great . i 've just practised at home in florida and made another trip up here a couple of fridays ago . ' i just really felt like spending a couple of weeks away from this ( media attention ) , i guess , and just preparing at home and in private and not really having everything critiqued and analysed and over-analysed . i just wanted to get away from it all , and i feel like it 's been a good thing . ' all eyes have been on tiger woods ' latest comeback , which could take the pressure off of mcilroy . the northern irishman speaks to wood 's girlfriend lindsey vonn and his children during practice . mcilroy followed woods into the media centre at augusta national and admitted the presence of the 14-time major winner - who was relaxed and jovial with the press - could work in his favour . ' a little bit , i guess , ' the 25-year-old added . ' it is such a big story , tiger coming back at the masters after a bit of a lengthy period where he has not been around . but still i 'm just here to play golf and you guys can write the stories , i wo n't read them and we 'll move on . ' mcilroy has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at augusta - last year 's tie for eighth - although he did take a four-shot lead into the final round in 2011 before collapsing to a closing 80 . he admits he will have to play the par fives better to have a chance of slipping on a green jacket on sunday , covering them in level par last year compared to eight under by champion bubba watson , who finished eight shots ahead . mcilroy led the field heading into the final day of the 2011 masters before suffering a dramatic meltdown . mcilroy plays a shot from the azaleas as he recorded his best finish of eighth in last year 's tournament . but he also believes augusta national suits his game if he can take advantage of having a nine iron in his hands for second shots to holes like the 13th and 15th . ' i think i 've developed a game where i can compete at pretty much any golf course now . that might not have been the case two or three years ago , ' mcilroy added . ' but if you 're looking at the courses , augusta 's the one that should set up the best for me just with my ball flight and being comfortable off the tee here , especially being able to turn the ball over from right to left . ' if i can play the way i know i can around here and just have a good week on the greens , then there 's no reason why i should n't have a good chance . ' 