mario gomez 's predatory instincts and a late goal by substitute juan vargas ensured fiorentina qualified for the europa league semi-finals . fiorentina had one foot in the next stage of europe 's second tier cup competition thanks to khouma babacar 's all-important away goal during the closing stages of last thursday 's first leg encounter in kiev . the ukrainian outfit knew they were in for a hard task at the stadio artemio franchi as they faced the likes of mohamed salah , joaquin and gomez . fiorentina ace mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help his side qualify . the home side celebrate after gomez 's fortunate shot lands in the back of oleksandr shovkovskiy 's net . dynamo kiev 's jeremain lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive . fiorentina ( 4-3-3 ) : neto ; tomovic , rodriguez , savic , marcos alonso ; borja valero ( badelj 79 ) , pizarro ( aquilani 84 ) , fernandez ; joaquin , gomez , mohamed salah ( vargas 88 ) . subs not used : tatarusanu , ilicic , pasqual , basanta . goal : gomez 43 , vargas 90 . dynamo kiev ( 4-2-3-1 ) : shovkovskiy ; antunes , khacheridi , danilo silva , vida ; rybalka , buyalskyy ( sydorchuk 69 ) ; lens , belhanda ( kalitvintsev 63 ) , yarmolenko ; teodorczyk ( husyev 45 ) . subs not used : garmash , chumak , rybka , betao . booked : lens . sent off : lens 40 . referee : jonas eriksson ( sweden ) . and their mission to seal a spot in the next round was made near enough impossible due to an incredibly rash decision by swedish referee jonas eriksson . the scandinavian official ruined dynamo kiev 's hopes of upsetting the viola by brandishing a red card in the direction of holland international jeremain lens . eriksson showed lens a second yellow card as he decided to penalise the former psv forward for diving inside the penalty area . the wrong call was made as replays showed lens was slightly clipped when he made his way towards goal . it was one of those occasions where the referee should have simply let play continue . dynamo kiev manager and former tottenham striker sergei rebrov was forced into taking off striker lukasz teodorczyk moments before the interval , which subsequently minimised the away side 's goal threat during the second half . salah , who has proven his doubters wrong since swapping chelsea for fiorentina in february , almost doubled his side 's lead when he managed to jiggle his way past several defenders before shooting at goal . the egyptian international 's shot appeared to be heading into the back of oleksandr shovkovskiy 's net until danilo used his hand to intercept . dynamo kiev , despite their best efforts , failed to really threaten fiorentina after being reduced to 10 men as vincenzo montella 's side elected to play the passing game . late substitute vargas put the result beyond doubt when he ran down the left wing before smashing the ball past shovkovskiy . fiorentina will face either napoli , sevilla or dnipro for a place in this year 's europa league final in warsaw . referee jonas eriksson shows holland international lens a second yellow card in the 40th minute . mohamed salah , who joined fiorentina on a loan deal from chelsea , came close to doubling his side 's lead . late substitute juan vargas came off the substitutes ' bench to ensure progression for his side . vargas runs away in celebration after doubling his side 's lead in the closing stages of the europa league clash .  