from sending countless ' poops ' to adding hearts to sentimental messages , your choice of emoji says a lot about you . and now experts have analysed more than one billion uses of the tiny icons to see how they are used across different languages . study found that the french are the most loved-up , sending more hearts than any other region , while australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji . london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji . happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied . in the us , gadget users send 30 per cent more lgbt-related emoji than the average , including a rainbow , men holding hands or women holding hands . this is followed by canada and malaysia . to plot the differences in use , london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . the findings of the report came from an analysis of data over a four-month period between october 2014 and january 2015 , and includes both android and ios devices . the languages studied include english , including us , uk and australian , spanish , vietnamese , french , malaysian , arabic , german , turkish , french , portuguese , italian and russian . swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . the most popular categories for each language are pictured . the french use four times as many heart emoji than any other language , and it’s the only language for which a ‘smiley’ is not number one . the languages studied include english , including us , uk and australian , spanish , vietnamese , french , malaysian , arabic , german , turkish , french , portuguese , italian and russian . happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied . sad faces were in second place followed by hearts , which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji . hand gestures such as thumbs up , clapping hands and the peace were in fourth , followed by romantic emoji , such as the lipstick kiss mark , love letter and couple kissing . all languages were found to be more positive than negative , in terms of emoji use , but the french are the most positive on 86 per cent , compared to the average 70 per cent . sad faces were the second most popular emoji ( pictured ) followed by hearts , which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji . hand gestures such as thumbs up , clapping hands and the peace were in fourth followed by romantic emoji , such as the lipstick kiss mark , love letter and couple kissing . all languages were found to be more positive than negative , in terms of emoji use , but the french are the most positive on 86 % , compared to the average 70 % . malaysians are the least positive on 60 % while us spanish speakers are the most negative on 22 % , and the french are least negative on 7 % malaysians are the least positive on 60 per cent while us spanish speakers are the most negative on 22 per cent , and the french are least negative on 7 per cent . funny emoji , including farts and poop , are used by malaysian speakers at nearly double the average rate , but are least used in russia . malaysians also use sleep-related emoji more than average , and canadian and vietnamese people use the poop emoji most . the french use four times as many heart emoji than other languages , and it’s the only language for which a ‘smiley’ is not number one . lgbt . americans use lgbt emoji 30 % more than the average , followed by canada and malaysia . the vietnamese use them the least . romance . russian speakers use three times as many romantic emoji ​such as the kiss mark and love letter , than the average​ , and nearly twice as much as any other language . they were used in vietnamese and australian english the least . this chart shows the most common emoji in the us . religious . brazilian’s use of typically western religion-related emoji , including prayer hands and church , was more than double the average . us spanish , latin american spanish and us english use religious emoji half as much as brazilians . sleep . malaysians appear to be twice as sleepy as the rest of the world , using sleep emoji more than . twice the average​ . the french and russians are the least sleepy . drugs . australian english speakers use drug emoji , including cigarettes , at 65 per cent more than average . the pills emoji is their most popular drug emoji . they are least used by the french . mushroom emoji are used most by arabic speakers and needles are used most in vietnam , at nearly three times the average . weapons . canadian english speakers are most ' violent ' in their emoji usage at more than 50 % higher than the average . these emoji include the gun , knife , punching fist , fire , explosion , skull and bomb . the least weapon-related emojis are used by the germans . alcohol . australia uses double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji , compared to turkish and arabic at the opposite end of the scale . in brazil , and among us spanish speakers the number one emoji is beer . meat . the us is twice as meaty in its emoji usage , with double the average , while the french use them the least . junk food . australia uses nearly twice as much junk food emoji as any other language and the most popular is the lollipop . they are least used in german , arabic and turkish . canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . ​they use twice as many so-called ' raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and cancer astrological symbol than average ( pictured ) . raunchy . canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . ​they use twice as many so-called ' raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and cancer astrological symbol than average . vietnamese and french are half as raunchy as the average and us english speakers are the top users of the eggplant emoji at more than double the average . italians use the banana emoji the most . funny . funny emoji , including farts and poop , are used by malaysian speakers at nearly double the . average rate . canadian and vietnamese languages use the poop emoji the most , and the russian are the least funny , according to the study . party . spanish speakers in spain use the ‘ party time’ emoji 72 % more often than the average . the french use it the least . arabic speakers are fans of the dancing lady in the red dress emoji as they use it four times as much as other languages . on android the dancing lady emoji is a john travolta-like character . australia uses double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji , compared to turkish and arabic at the opposite end of the scale . in brazil , and among us spanish speakers , the number one emoji is beer ( pictured ) . flowers and plants emoji are used at more than four times the average rate by arabic speakers , but russian speakers use three times as many romantic emoji than the average . according to the data , brazilians are the most religious using double the number of prayer hands and church emoji . meanwhile , australians and spain battle it out for the title of party region . apple recently released a software update for iphone users which includes a more diverse set of emoji . the update , which had been in beta for several months , brings more than 300 new emoji ( including diversity options ) as well as a new keyboard for inputting them more easily . the new keyboard features a scrolling system to allow users to see the new range more easily . the new set of globally diverse emoji come in six different skin tones . the tones include an option that turns a character yellow - a shade that the the cupertino-based company said it intended to be ethnically neutral . in australia , in addition to using double the amount of alcohol-related emoji than average , its residents also use nearly twice as many junk food emoji as any other language and use drug emoji - including cigarettes , the needle and pills - 65 per cent more than average . but spanish speakers in spain use the ‘ party time’ emoji 72 per cent more often than the average​ . french use party emoji the least , while arabic speakers are fans of the dancing lady in the red dress emoji as they use it four times as much as other languages . on android the dancing lady emoji is a john travolta-like character . and when it comes to raunchiness , canadians top the list . canadians are twice as likely to use emoji associated with genitals or sexual activity than any other region . these include the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and the cancer astrological symbol . the vietnamese and french are half as raunchy as the average , and us english speakers are the top users of the eggplant emoji . italians use the banana most . canadian english speakers are most ' violent ' in their emoji usage at more than 50 % higher than the average . this chart compares their use of such emoji with other english-speaking regions . these emoji include the gun , knife , punching fist , fire , explosion and bomb . the least weapon-related emojis are used in germany . 