scientists in italy have extracted the oldest ever dna sample to be taken from a neanderthal . calcium formations on ‘ altamura man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors . scroll down for video . calcium formations on ‘ altamura man’ , a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 , suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors . researchers have , up until now , held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton . an earlier study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a neanderthal . the current project has been ongoing for six years with researchers taking a tiny part of shoulder bone and analysing it in the lab . it is believed that altamura man was left in such a peculiar spot after falling in a well and getting stuck . altamura is a city of apulia , in southern italy . it is believed that altamura man was left in such a peculiar spot after falling in a well and getting stuck . researchers have , up until now , held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton . an earlier study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a neanderthal . pictured is ‘ altamura man's’ skull from different angles . scientists assume he starved to death , or died from lack of water - but not much else is known about his life . analysis revealed that the calcite on skull was formed 172,000 to 130,000 years ago , during a period when ice sheets were expanding significantly from out of antarctica and greenland . the team say samples of dna have also been retrieved from the sample , and because of the age , represent the oldest such samples ever recovered from neanderthal remains . it has been around 30,000 years since the ancestors of modern-day humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient neanderthals . but the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases such as cancer and diabetes . neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred , meaning europeans now have roughly two per cent neanderthal dna . these ' legacy ' genes have been linked to an increased risk from cancer and diabetes by new studies looking at our evolutionary history . however , some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases . scientists have found that part of our hla system , which helps white blood cells to identify and destroy foreign material in the body , could have come from neanderthals . other researchers have suggested that humans outside africa are more vulnerable to type 2 diabetes because they interbred with neanderthals . researchers from oxford and plymouth universities have also found that genes thought to be risk factors in cancer were present in the neanderthal genome . if they manage to sequence the dna , they hope it might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids in general and the early history of the neanderthal . separate research earlier this week found that neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today - and this may be what killed them off . they have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold . but anthropologists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals . neanderthals are thought to have numbered up to 70,000 at their peak and lived in hunter gatherer societies .