it 's the summer hang out of choice for hiltons , jenners , supermodels and many others with a money-is-no-object lifestyle , so it 's no wonder coachella hits the hip pocket hard . those lucky enough to snag a ticket to the star-studded – on and off the stage - coachella valley music and arts festival at the empire polo club in indio , california , which runs for its second weekend from april 17-19 , are spending more than any other major festival goers . while checking out headliners such as ac/dc , jack white , florence and the machine and madonna , who bizarrely made out with rapper drake on sunday , coachella visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to travel money specialist no.1 currency . scroll down for video . those who enjoy the coachella valley music and arts festival in california pay more than other revellers . the likes of alessandra ambrosio ( centre ) take in the famous fest that costs an average £187 per day . the californian a-list magnet is narrowly ahead of belgium’s tommorowland for per-day costs according to the company after it ranked the price of the world’s most popular summer festivals , not including the cost of getting there , with costs varying drastically depending on the destination . if they indeed are required to reach into their own wallets , the likes of alessandra ambrosio and brooklyn beckham pay the highest-priced admission ( £252 ) , beer ( £5.73 ) and meal costs ( £9 ) of any summer fest . tomorrowland , which this year features club superstars carl cox , david guetta and avicii when it’s held on july 25 , costs its visitors £186 per day . england’s glastonbury , running june 24 to 28 and featuring foo fighters in 2015 , is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost calculated from the five-day £565 ticket and an estimated average of £68 per day for meals and drinks . the price is clearly no object for revellers though as the festival , which includes camping prices in admission , was sold out in just 25 minutes back in october . doing it her way : black eyed peas singer fergie flaunted her fantastic legs as she performed on sunday . belgium 's edition of the tomorrowland festival pay one pound a day less than those in coachella . roskilde in denmark ( june 27-july 4 ) sets festival-goers back £641 for its eight days of action with acts including paul mccartney , muse and pharrell williams but for a bargain week-plus festival head to sziget in budapest ( august 10-17 ) , which is 25 per cent cheaper and will host robbie williams , kasabian and foals among their acts . both festivals have florence and the machine on the bill . no1 . currency’s head of retail simon phillips said : “ coachella is america’s answer to glastonbury but , not only are tickets nearly impossible to get your hands on , it could be just as difficult to cover the costs . “ as the birth place of british festival culture , glastonbury remains one of the most iconic and celebrated music events in our british calendar but , as our research shows , being a part of this tradition will cost you . england’s glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost but has above average food . coachella is listed as the most expensive festival , while exit serbia works out cheapest . ' tickets are not far behind those of coachella in terms of prices , and neither is the cost of food and drink when you’re there – unsurprising considering the festival is famous for having some of the best festival food around . ’ brits keen to get the best value festival experiences can look towards serbia , where the exit festival from july 9-12 is the cheapest with daily costs across its four days reaching just £54 . there a beer costs just £1 while you 'll watch faithless , the prodigy , motorhead and more in the surrounds of the petrovaradin fortress in the city of novi sad , serbia . open’er in poland from july 1-4 is close behind with a day rate while checking out a line-up also featuring the prodigy costing just £57 . exit festival in the surrounds of the petrovaradin fortress in the city of novi sad , serbia , is the best value . “ it can actually work out much better value to travel to a festival in mainland europe than to stay at home , ’ phillips said . ‘ not only does your cash go further in central europe , where food and drink in particular are relatively cheap compared to the uk , but brits heading to festivals in the eurozone this summer will enjoy the added bonus of a strengthening pound . for example , exchanging £300 for spending money this year you’ll get €414 , compared to €361 this time last year . ’ “ it is worth ordering and picking up your spending money in the uk before you head off to your chosen festival , as cash machines are usually limited and you don’t want to waste hours queuing instead of catching your favourite bands perform , ” phillips said .