it 's constantly battling to protect us from terrorism and the host of other major threats in the modern world . so you might think mi5 would have more important things to worry about than running a competition for blue peter viewers to go to ‘ spy school’ . but that is exactly what has happened , after three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5’s london hq . the children even got to attend a meeting with the security service’s director-general andrew parker . the winning contestants with andrew parker of mi5 ( left ) . the group were allowed inside the service 's hq . the budding young bonds ( seen here played by daniel craig ) were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls . jamie , 13 , reuben , 13 , and ten-year-old finley were selected after a series of ‘difficult’ tests to show they are young spies in the making . codenamed project petra , the initiative was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the mi5 building . it comes at a time when the uk’s intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from al qaeda , islamic state and russia . and their ability to track foreign and home-grown terrorists and monitor their communications has been severely damaged due to the intelligence leaks by ex-us spy edward snowden . some 5,700 children applied to the competition , making it one of the most popular in blue peter’s history . the young candidates had to complete a series of challenges and impress a judging panel made up of children’s author anthony horowitz , tv presenter and journalist sonali shah and professor christopher andrew , the security service’s official historian . the finalists had to solve a series of clues to work out the location of the ' spy school ' in manchester . the lucky trio with director general andrew parker ( left ) and blue peter presenter barney harwood ( second left ) . in last week’s episode , eight finalists had to crack codes to establish the location of the ‘ spy school’ , which was set up in the offices of accountancy firm kpmg in manchester . and yesterday , the candidates were whittled down to the final three in a series of tests , including being quizzed on what they remembered from a walk around manchester city centre to test their observational skills . their guided tour of the mi5 building , which took place last month , will be shown in the third and final episode next thursday . finley , from surrey , said : ‘ when i first entered mi5 it was way cooler than i thought it would be and i got to see loads of things that no-one else will ever get to see . ’ cameras were allowed to film inside mi5 as the boy 's dreams came true when they went on a guided tour . jamie , from glasgow , added that it ‘ felt really cool because we were making history’ and reuben , from north yorkshire , said : ‘ being there for the very first time cameras have been allowed inside mi5 was an awesome experience and i loved doing it . ’ the blue peter stunt came as britain’s intelligence agencies launched a fresh drive to recruit more gay , ethnic and disabled spies . mi5 , mi6 and gchq have teamed up with gay rights charity stonewall and other equal opportunities groups in a bid to attract employees from different backgrounds . an advert for the initiative , which was launched last year , said : ‘today’s spies come from every background modern britain has on offer , a cultural and linguistic breadth that enables them to operate against every threat the uk faces . ‘ diversity is not a “ nice to have” , it is essential for them to succeed . ’ the competition 's final hopefuls in manchester searching for ' spy school ' before the three winners emerged . jamie , finley and rueben turned out to be the best budding spies , coming out on top in blue peter 's challenge . in the first episode , broadcast last week , the children had to break a series of codes to find the location of ‘ spy school’ . can you crack the codes ? left to right : jamie , rueben and finley were the winners of a chance to have a go at being a real james bond . jamie , 13 , from glasgow . jamie is a self-confessed gadget geek and would love to design gizmos for the spy agency . he has already won an engineering award for designing a special pair of gloves for astronauts to wear in space . his favourite subjects at school include maths , physics and chemistry . jamie enjoys long distance running and jokes it could help him escape in tricky situations . why does he want to be a spy ? ‘ the danger really , ’ he said . ‘ you don’t know what’s going to happen . you could go out and anything could go wrong . ’ reuben , 13 , from north yorkshire . reuben describes himself as a ‘polymath’ , someone who is a good all-rounder and he was praised by the judges for excelling in all areas . he loves playing rugby and says he is an adrenaline junkie who is not afraid to throw himself into dangerous situations . he is also very logical and enjoys solving riddles and cracking codes . ruben said : ‘ what is quite useful it that i am kind of a polymath so i’m quite good at everything : physical stuff , mental stuff , languages , so it’s not just having one speciality . ’ finley , 10 , from surrey . still at primary school , finley was one of the youngest candidates . he impressed by writing his application to be on the show in code – you had to read it in a mirror . finley is a keen reader and a fan of the secret seven detective classics by enid blyton and james bond . his favourite subjects are geography and sport . he says playing football has helped him be aware of what is happening around him , while swimming gives him stamina .