underwear tycoon michelle mone is selling her three-bedroom glasgow townhouse in order to buy her ex-husband out of the ' dream home ' they once shared , it is claimed . the self-made multi-millionaire bought the glasgow property off-plan in the city 's upmarket park circus area after splitting from husband michael in december 2011 . she paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 . it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million . for sale : michelle and michael mone , left together in 2011 , put their mansion on the market after their 2011 split . the self-made multi-millionaire , pictured right in glasgow today , is understood to be buying the house . it is understood she will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall , lanarkshire , where she and michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband . ms mone , who also has a £2million flat in mayfair , today shared her decision to move on twitter . ' sad to be selling my stunning townhouse in # scotland brilliant news is after trying for 2 years i 'm buying my ex out of my dream home # yes , ' she posted . the then-couple bought the lanarkshire site in 2008 . they demolished the original building , and built ' telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average british house . in 2010 , ms mone was at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . five residents objected to her proposals and one said the development would ' completely dwarf ' the rest of the street . but it was still given the go-ahead by planners . glasgow home : self-made multi-millionaire michelle mone bought the property off-plan in the city 's upmarket park circus area ( pictured ) after splitting from husband michael . she paid £780,700 for the duplex . ' dream home ' : ms mone will move back into the five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall , lanarkshire , pictured , where she and michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband . family home : the lanarkshire mansion , in a wealthy suburb home to celebrities and footballers , was listed for £1.5million in 2012 . above , a modern bathroom inside the property , which boasts five en-suite bedrooms . high-end : there is also a state-of-the-art kitchen , pictured , designed by the acclaimed clive christian that features beautifully made edwardian style units and four dishwashers to help keep the place clean . the luxury home boasts 12 large rooms including a 26ft lounge , 36ft family dining kitchen and 30ft recreation room with cinema . there is also a state-of-the-art kitchen designed by the acclaimed clive christian that features beautifully made edwardian style units and four dishwashers . 1996 michael and michelle mone create lingerie brand ultimo . 2008 the couple buy plot in thorntonhall , lanarkshire . they demolish the original building , and build ' telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average british house . 2010 ms mone is at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . 2011 michelle and micheal split in december after michael allegedly has an affair with bra designer , samantha bunn . he has since set up a rival lingerie firm with ms bunn . 2012 the former family home in lanarkshire is put on the market for 2012 . ms mone claims her ex-husband refused to sell his part of the property . ms mone pays £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex in glasgow and had extensive works done . 2013 ms mone moves into her glasgow townhouse , and showcases it in exclusive hello ! interview . 2014 ms mone becomes embroiled in a bitter row over plans to turn the house next door to her £1 million home into student digs . today she announces plans to sell glasgow home and move back into former family home . the home , in a wealthy suburb home to celebrities and footballers , was listed for £1.5million in 2012 following the collapse of the couple 's 19-year marriage . it has been on the market for three years . at the time , ms mone , 43 , raged publicly at her husband for refusing to sell her their baby grand piano and part of their luxurious home . unable to reach an agreement , they were forced to put the home up for sale . it was advertised as having the ' highest specifications in lighting , communications , media and security ' . safety conscious michelle 's system covers every corner of the building and gardens and includes infra red security cameras , panic buttons and cctv . mr mone has previously criticised his ex-wife 's comments and said the divorce papers had specifically addressed the issue of the future sale of the former marital home . the couple created lingerie brand ultimo together in 1996 , split in 2011 after michael , allegedly had an affair with bra designer , samantha bunn , with whom he has set up a rival lingerie firm . ms mone recently revealed she has found love again . she shared her joy with her 966,000 followers on twitter - and posted a smiling picture of herself . ' after 2 years i 'm delighted to say i 've met my soul mate £megahappy , ' she tweeted . the identity of the man who has won her heart remains a mystery . recently ms mone denied dating x factor singer shayne ward . she previously also denied dating cricketer shane warne less than a year ago . elegant : one of the bedrooms in the lanarkshire home , which has been on the market for three years . state-of-the-art : the home was advertised as having the ' highest specifications in lighting , communications , media and security ' . above , an image of the dining room . home comforts : the triple garage was replaced with a bar , pictured , and the home has ten plasma tvs as well as three onkyo home cinema systems .