an elderly british couple who fell victim to pickpockets as they returned to their hotel in benidorm incredibly got their belongings back after confronting the duo - and it was all caught on camera . brian and joan ogden , from wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet . cctv footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of mr ogden , 80 , while her accomplice attempts to block the view of mrs ogden , 78 . but they were n't to be fooled . a pickpocket ( right in the purple top ) follows bruce ogden into the hotel don pancho in benidorm . the thief reaches into mr ogden 's pocket while her accomplice stands between mr ogden and his wife joan . the pickpocket is then shown handing the wallet to her accomplice after taking it from mr ogden . grainy cctv footage outside the hotel shows mr ogden get the wallet back from one of the thieves . after the pickpocket in purple sneakily handed the wallet to her cohort , mr and mrs ogden followed the crooks out of the hotel and in a short exchange asked for the wallet back , and got it . the ogden 's son mick said his parents were tougher than they look . ' they 'd been for something to eat before they got the bus back to alicante , before they flew home , ' he recounted . ' i got a call from them saying they 'd been robbed , then we found out what happened - these scumbags had followed them right up to the hotel . ' they 'd been following my mum and dad for a bit , and my mum saw them so she hung back as they got to the door , and saw one of them put their hand in my dad 's pocket . ' so she runs back after them and gets their stuff back . when they rang me , they thought they 'd lost their credit cards , but nothing was lost . mrs ogden points at the thieves as they leave while mr ogden checks nothing else was taken . happy grandfather brian ogden , with his granddaughter rosanna , got his wallet back from thieves . joan ogden , 78 , spotted the thieves in action as they stole from the pocket of brian ogden , 80 . ' the annoying point for me , this four star hotel they were at , they said they know ( the pickpockets ) . i 've been coming for years and have never seen anything like this before . ' hotel don pancho 's guest relationship manager , ana labord , said pickpockets are a problem in benidorm ' especially when tourists go to the busy open markets ' but there is little that can be done . ' i showed ( the ogdens ) the images , we have many security cameras and they were right by the entrance , you can see they were followed from the main road then down the walkway , ' she said . ' usually they do n't go that far as there are cameras , but i guess they must have had a bad day . they tried to pickpocket them , but they realised and asked for their things back . ' the four-star hotel don pancho in benidorm , where the ogdens were staying on holiday . mr and mrs ogden were about to catch a bus to alicante before flying home when they were robbed . she added that the ogdens were brave to have confronted the thieves , an action she would n't necessarily recommend . ' everyone has to make their own decisions , ' she said . ' i personally would n't confront a thief like that but in this case they did , and you can see it worked out , they clearly did the right thing as they got their wallets back . ' everybody should be careful , and sometimes you should n't confront them , but in benidorm it 's not violence that 's a problem , just the pickpocketing like any other busy tourist area . '  