a student remains under police guard in hospital after being kidnapped , tortured with pliers and forced to drink bleach by masked men in an apparent revenge attack for ' accidentally scraping a man 's car ' . motaz zaid , who is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich , was with a friend in st marks close in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday when the group of thugs targeted them . his friend , who wishes to remain anonymous , said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before mr zaid , 20 , was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off . motaz zaid was with a friend in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday when the group of thugs targeted them . mr zaid was apparently bundled into a mercedes by masked men and attacked . the friend , 19 , who was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal , was left for dead in the quiet residential street while mr zaid was found dumped a few miles away , close to the a3 on the border of new malden and parsons green . police became alerted to the incident after spotting the vehicle in beverley way , kingston , at about 1am . uniformed officers approached the stationary car , but it drove off and fled from the scene despite attempts by police to pursue it . officers then discovered mr zaid dumped on the side of the road with life-threatening injuries . he was taken to a south london hospital , which can not be named for security reasons , where he remains in a critical condition . his friend was also taken to hospital with stab wounds but was later discharged . the friend recalled the incident today and told the evening standard : ' they had been parked waiting for him to get back . as we both got out of the car , these five guys just jumped us . they sprayed something in our eyes and it blocked our vision . ' they were n't after me , they were beating him up . i tried to fight them off and to grab him but he was on the floor and not moving . i hit one of them in the face and three of them chased me into the main road and stabbed me . ' by the time i got back to my friend the car had left and i thought he had got away but after looking for him i realised they had taken him in the car . ' mr zaid , 20 , who is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich , was found dumped at the side of the a3 in beverley way , kingston , south west london ( above ) . he remains in hospital with critical injuries . mr zaid 's father azz said his son 's injuries were ' very serious ' , adding : ' my heart is broken when i see my son like that . i ca n't believe anyone could do that to another human being . ' he said he believes the incident is in response to a minor altercation last week . he said his son was allegedly involved in an accident with another car , in which one of the vehicles became slightly damaged . he claims the other driver refused to negotiate a settlement and threatened violence if his son did not pay £400 . metropolitan police said officers from the trident gang crime command are currently investigating the incident and trying to trace the suspects . officers confirmed the car involved was a mercedes c220 estate but said it is not known how many suspects were in the vehicle . scotland yard confirmed no arrests have yet been made in connection with the incident . anyone with information should contact police on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . 