andy murray has a fairly simple message for any of his fellow british tennis players who might be agitated about the imminent arrival of aljaz bedene into the home ranks : don’t complain . instead the british no 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world no 83 , originally from slovenia , as motivation to better themselves . at present any grumbles are happening in private , and bedene’s present ineligibility for the davis cup team has made it less of an issue , although that could change if his appeal to play is allowed by the international tennis federation . aljaz bedene is pictured at his british citizenship ceremony in hatfield on tuesday morning . andy murray says british players anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking . bedene poses for a picture with friends and family outside the petty sessional court building in hatfield . last year , when bedene stated he intended to try to make the switch , the then british no 3 dan evans expressed some doubts about its legitimacy , wondering why he would wish to do it . but murray thinks anyone questioning the move , now it has become official , would be better working on getting their ranking closer to his . ‘ if he was 500 in the world they wouldn’t be that fussed about it but obviously he threatens their position a bit , ’ said the 27-year-old scot . ‘ and he’s obviously the british no 2 , comfortably . ‘ so they can complain but the best thing to do is use it in the right way and accept it for what it is , and try to use it as motivation whether they agree with it or not . he’s british now so they’ve just got to deal with it . ‘ i would hope that all the guys who are below him now , like james ward , kyle edmund and liam broady , will use it as motivation . if he becomes eligible for davis cup ties then those guys are going to have to prove themselves . ‘he’s a good player but so are james and kyle , and liam has improved . aljaz is there , he’s on the tour every week , the other guys aren’t quite there yet . ’ murray admits bedene 's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week . james ward ( left ) and kyle edmund should try to use bedene as motivation to get better as a player . bedene ( right ) with girlfriend kimalie , who is a pop singer in her native land of slovenia . for the first time , murray , who has an encyclopaedic knowledge of the top 100 , gave his opinion of bedene : ‘he’s a good player with a very good serve . he’s a legitimate top-100 player , when he plays challengers he’s there or thereabouts , when he plays on the main tour he wins matches , it’s not like he turns up and always loses in the first round . ‘ he had a bad ( wrist ) injury last year but has recovered well . i would imagine he would keep moving up the rankings , although i don’t know exactly how high he can go . i’ve practised with him a couple of times , i haven’t seen him play loads , but when you serve as well as he does it helps . i would imagine he’s going to be comfortably in the top 70 or 80 in the world for a while . ’ bedene can individually represent any country he wants where he holds a passport . the davis cup is a greyer area as from january 1 playing for two countries in a career was outlawed and he was picked for the slovenian squad three times — but he will argue his intentions were clear before then and his citizenship was being held up by bureaucratic process . it is understood the lawn tennis association will give support to his case but have made it clear that the onus is on him to lead the way . an official statement said : ‘ to have another player in the men’s top 100 is clearly a positive thing and so we very much welcome aljaz’s change in citizenship . ’ murray says bedene is a great server who could possibly move up the rankings . murray gets pumped up on his way to victory over kevin anderson at the miami open . murray proudly poses with a cake , saying ' it 's an amazing feeling ' after winning his 500th game . switching nationalities is always a contentious issue in any sport and evans’s questions have some pertinence to them . there is a recent precedent , however . two years ago australian brydan klein switched to represent gb by virtue of his mother originally being from manchester . he subsequently struggled but his form has picked up and he is now ranked 210 in the world to make himself the national no 5 . last year that would have guaranteed a wimbledon wildcard worth , minimally , a staggering £27,000 . however , there is now no automatic recommendation for a championships wildcard for brits ranked inside the top 250 . the last comparable switch came twenty years ago when greg rusedski arrived from canada . it was by no means universally popular but , like bedene , he pledged that he was in for the long haul and , in fairness to him , he proved true to his word . the great britain davis cup team celebrate their victory against the usa in glasgow last month . 