today marks the 26th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster . a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives . liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims , alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond . liverpool lead the tributes to the 96 people who lost their lives at hillsborough on the 26th anniversary . philippe coutinho shared a picture on instagram on the 26th anniversary of the disaster . former liverpool defender jamie carragher remembers the 96 who died . liverpool captain steven gerrard , who lost a family member at hillsborough , paid tribute on instagram . liverpool and england striker daniel sturridge paid tribute on his instagram account . liverpool defender jose enrique marked the anniversary with an instagram post . tennis star caroline wozniacki , a liverpool supporter , paid tribute to the people who died . liverpool defender jon flanagan uploaded a tribute from the kop to his twitter account . liverpool and italy striker mario balotelli acknowledged the anniversary on his instagram page . manchester untied shared a picture of sir bobby charlton ( left ) with ian rush to mark the anniversary . everton marked the anniversary with a post on twitter . john bishop , a liverpool supporter , recalls the day itself on twitter on the 26th anniversary . pepe reina , the former liverpool goalkeeper , acknowledges the anniversary on twitter . a supporter who was at hillsborough acknowledges the 26th anniversary through twitter . stephen warnock , a former liverpool defender , remembers the victims from the disaster . fifa acknowledge the 26th anniversary of hillsborough on twitter . boxer tony bellew , an everton supporter , posted a tribute to the people who died . queens park rangers midfield player joey barton commemorates the anniversary . hull city paid tribute to the liverpool supporters who lost their lives at hillsborough . swansea city remember the people who died and marked the anniversary through twitter . qpr also sent their thoughts to liverpool and the families of the people who died . vicky jones , who plays for everton 's ladies team , paid her respects on twitter . hull and scotland defender andrew robertson marks the anniversary on twitter . championship side brentford remembered the 96 people who died at hillsborough . stoke midfielder charlie adam , who used to play for liverpool , remembers the 96 who died .  