the world 's longest ever kidney donation chain linked its final donor to ailing recipient last month when a wisconsin woman became the 34th person whose life was saved by the record-setting program . mitzi neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry 's paired exchange program -- her only option since her age barred her from receiving a deceased donor 's organ . when she received the kidney march 26 , the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from san diego to boston who have loved ones in need with patients desperately in need of a transplant . 32 lives saved : mitzi neyens , 77 , ( left ) was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants -- the world 's longest such chain to date . she received a kidney because her husband bill gave his kidney to a patient in need . unbreakable love : neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to bill . she received a kidney march 26 thanks to his generosity . on the day of neyen 's transplant , eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants . neyen , who 's battled kidney disease much of her life , received her kidney after her husband -- who was not a match for her -- gave his kidney to someone else in need . in turn , neyen received an organ from matt crane , 55 , who lives outside of philadelphia , reports abc news . crane 's wife michele 's type 1 diabetes caused her to need a new kidney , which she received thanks to her husband 's donation . ' if it took for me to give my kidney to somebody in order to get michele a good healthy kidney , i 'm ready to do it , ' crane told abc , which will air a story about the record-breaking chain on nightline on tuesday evening . the last length of this historic chain began at the university of medical center in baltimore when latwanya goslee donated a kidney on behalf of her brother , who 'd already received a transplant . her kidney was driven 250 miles to allegheny general hospital in pittsburgh , where it was transplanted into gary watson . a friend of watson 's daughter , 44-year-old paralegal christine brock , donated the kidney that allowed watson to receive a transplant . her organ was flown 368 miles to new jersey then picked up by a courier and driven to new york city . starts with altruism : the chain that ended with neyes receiving a lifesaving transplant began months prior when minneapolis attorney kathy hart gave a kidney without having a loved one in need of a transplant ( file ) . a kidney was then taken from new york to philadelphia and transplanted into michele crane . her husband matt 's kidney was removed and taken to madison , wisconsin via a flight to chicago and a 133-mile drive . that 's where neyen 's received it . et , voila . as abc notes , these chains ca n't start without a donor who gives his or her kidney in exchange for nothing . this particular chain began with kathy hart , a minneapolis attorney , who told abc her unbelievably altruistic choice was an easy one to make . ' i think the fact that it was to a stranger is one of the parts that people have a really hard time grasping . but it actually even makes it easier , ' she said . ' from the very beginning i did n't have an attachment to the outcome or any judgment attached to who gets it or who 's deserving… i have an opportunity to give , and why would n't i ? '   