the husband of a woman who bravely battled cancer only to die of a deadly bug after being left in a filthy hospital room has spoken of his heartbreak . retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple 's son had a chance to say goodbye . the 69-year-old said : ' it was such a shock , one minute everyone was telling her how well she was doing and the next moment i am watching her struggling to breathe . it happened so quickly . ' rené dee had to watch as his wife eileen , 68 , died just days after catching a lethal infection . she had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the royal sussex county hospital . eileen had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer but died because of an infection at the royal sussex county hospital in brighton . several hospital rooms , including eileen 's , were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain . raw sewage was also discovered coming up from the shower drain in the room next door to eileen . doctors , concerned for her health , transferred eileen to another hospital while an exploration of drains and an intensive clean of all side rooms , including the one the retired nhs information manager was in , was carried out . the infection was specifically detected in eileen 's room but there were no notes accompanying her transfer to say that she had been exposed to the potentially lethal infection . she died five days later . the royal sussex had put new measures in place after an outbreak of the same infection in 2010 , it has also emerged . these included a thorough review of cleaning rounds . but it was revealed following an internal serious incident investigation that only about a third of hospital housekeepers were cleaning to the required standard when eileen died . initially , eileen , who was diagnosed with acute myloid leukaemia , had been intent on just receiving palliative care because she had watched her mother die of cancer . but when she was told she would respond well to chemotherapy and had a good prospect of survival , she changed her mind . mr dee said : ' she was very scared and very worried about going through the process of what her mother went through , which was a very long , drawn-out process and very unpleasant . legal action : mr dee is now suing the brighton and sussex university hospitals trust for clinical negligence . ‘ they were just about to introduce her to another lady , of a similar age , who had been through the same condition and had successfully come out the other side . ‘ that was just about to happen and then suddenly she was gone . ’ he added : ‘ eileen has missed out on the prospect of being a grandmother , which is something she would have loved . ‘ one of the most difficult decisions i have had to make was when to get my son , matthew , home from overseas . but by the time i was very , very sure he should , and phoned him to say `` get over here now '' , it was too late . ’ healthy people are rarely affected by pseudomonas aeruginosa , which is a common bacteria , but it has become a major cause of healthcare-related infections , especially for those with compromised immune systems like eileen’s . the 68-year-old died in august 2013 . her cause of death was recorded as pneumonia but the royal sussex’s report says the coroner should have been made aware of the infection . mr dee is now suing the brighton and sussex university hospitals trust for clinical negligence . melanie minter , of sussex law firm mayo wynne baxter , said : “ we say there were serious errors and gross negligence in respect of cleaning the haematology oncology unit . ” last month , the trust pleaded guilty to a criminal charge of putting patients at risk over a period of more than six years in relation to a separate outbreak of legionella . a spokesman said the trust could not comment on eileen’s case while legal proceedings were ongoing .