one of australia’s most prestigious race days , the opening of the championships , has been postponed after wild weather left randwick racecourse unsafe to compete on . stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am saturday morning , disappointing the 25,000 punters officials expected to show . under normal circumstances the australian turf club would 've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat , but as early racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel learned , the field was absolutely empty . racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track . with a logistical nightmare on their hands , officials opted to move the $ 10 million program to monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the saturday event . ticket-holders who wo n't be able to make monday 's event will be giving the option of receiving a refund . chief steward ray murrihy said officials could’nt be confident they could get through the whole meeting after the turf took on so much rain . `` we galloped two horses on it at six o'clock this morning and have had 25 millimetres since . ’ `` the surface was water logged and the radar was horrendous . we might have got through one or two , but to get through 10 races with big fields would have been a miracle so we will wait for monday , ’ he added . with grey clouds hanging over the track and no sign of rain easing officials said the the turf was too dangerous to compete on . the championships opening day has been moved to monday with punters being given the option of a refund if they do n't want to attend the event at the revised time . the warwick farm card is unable to go ahead on monday and will be moved to wednesday , with the wednesday program being totally abandoned . the gourmet food and wine event launched at last years championships called little sydney will not go ahead on monday with ticket-holders being offered a full refund . there is some good news for three-year-old superstars sweynesse and kermadec who will now be elevated into the $ 3 million doncaster mile after reports that all scratching’s will be restored . official 's are unsure if the 25,000 punters expected to show on saturday will return for the monday event .