she 's the clean eating food lover who has more than 102,000 followers on instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals . but she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers do n't have - when people are n't obsessing over her recipes , they 're checking out her rock-hard abs . we 're talking about clean eating alice , the latest social media sensation to be making a name for herself by living a healthy life . scroll down for video . over the last year alice ( pictured before , left , and after , right ) has completely transformed her body with the help of healthy eating and the ldn muscle bikini guide . alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago . she said : ' after years of bad skin , constant fatigue and feeling uncomfortable about my appearance i decided to completely overhaul my approach to eating . ' i started experimenting with food , and found that simply changing what i ate for breakfast had a huge impact on my mood and energy for that day . ' the term [ clean eating ] is completely subjective and can mean different things to different people , but my interpretation of it was to develop a healthy relationship with food . ' i didn’t restrict myself or feel like i was dieting as such , and learnt how best to fuel my body with tasty and nutritious food . ' in these instagram snaps alice shows off toned arms , something she said she had previously struggled with . alice started sharing pictures of her meals on instagram , which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body . ' i remember a distinct turning point was when i began to post photos of my food on the social media platform instagram , ' she said . ' the idea that i would be making healthy food , and being able to log and share it on instagram was nothing novel or new , but was helpful for me to keep track of what i was eating . ' i also found great pleasure in making my food look nice , as well as taste good . ' i am conscious that some people may find it annoying when their friends start posting foodie pics on social media , but however annoying they may find it , it is precisely what enabled me to find a healthy relationship with food and create new and delicious dishes that could then help others . ' in this snap alice shows off her figure in a pair of shorts ready for a new year 's eve party . of course you do n't get a body like alice 's without putting in a lot of hard work . she revealed : ' i aim to go to the gym between four and six times a week , and follow the ldn muscle bikini guide . ' i think one of the best things about this journey is that i found a way of exercising that i loved which i think is so important , and i have ldn muscle to thank for that . ' i think that the way i look has gained me a few male admirers , but i try to avoid letting any of this attention go to my head ! ' on the ldn muscle website , the weight training programme says it aims to promote a ' natural , lean and aesthetic physique ' . but when it comes to health and fitness tips there is often only one question on her fans lips . she said : ' my most frequently asked questions are usually about how to poach an egg , which is always funny , and i guess i have my own technique that i am always happy to share . ' alice - who also uses the healthy selfie app to chart her progress - poses in the mirror showing off her extremely defined abs . alice trains in the gym up to six times a week which is how she maintains her impressive body . she continued : ' other questions usually focus on what exercise i do , and most notably what abdominal exercises i do . ' i try and answer all questions as i like to help people as best i can . ' alice says that it 's been amazing to see her social media following grow and that in the future she would love to be the female jamie oliver . she said : ' i would love to bring healthy eating to the masses and be the female equivalent of jamie oliver . ' my food isn’t complicated , expensive or pretentious nor does it require ingredients that you can’t find in your local supermarket . ' i will be bringing out some recipe ebooks in partnership with ldn muscle which will include breakfast , lunch and dinner ideas , as well as launching my youtube channel and personal training . ' on top of all of this i am just about to graduate from bird college where i have trained for three years as a musical theatre performer , and i am hoping to also pursue my dream to perform in the west end . ' alice says that what she eats changes every day : ' my recipes are usually created from what i fancy eating on a given day , and what i’ve got in the fridge . ' i usually take out all the ingredients i fancy and then try and think how i can create something tasty with them . ' my meals are always built around a protein source , so i usually start there , for example a chicken breast , or salmon and then try and pack in some veg , such as kale , spinach or broccoli , and then add a carb source , my favourite being sweet potato . ' i always try and experiment with seasoning too , so things like paprika , and turmeric to add some flavour . ' she continued : ' in terms of avoiding foods , i stay away from refined sugars , and most processed foods , although i am a big bacon lover . ' alcohol is something that i just make conscious decisions on now , so for example if i’m going to have a drink i’ll have a vodka and diet coke , rather than a brightly coloured alcho-pop . 'it’s all about not feeling restricted and instead just making better choices , and ultimately enjoying being fit and healthy . ' alice says that she likes to start her mornings with a breakfast such as this breakfast wrap made with egg white and crispy chorizo . breakfast : healthy breakfast ' wrap ' with spicy paprika egg white wrap , stuffed with crispy chorizo , avocado , rocket , red onion and tomatoes . for lunch alice might enjoy a cauliflower rice , chicken sausages , toasted almonds , rocket and tomato salad . lunch : grilled chicken sausages , with broccoli and cauliflower rice , toasted almonds and rocket and tomato salad . for dinner alice enjoys salmon fillet with crispy parsnip chips . dinner : grilled salmon fillet with crispy parsnip chips , fresh spinach topped with avocado and lentil sprouts , a spicy harissa and greek yogurt sauce with garlic , red onion and some vine tomatoes .