it was once the edgiest place in town , attracting the word 's biggest bands to its iconic stage - but 30 years later cleveland 's variety theater is silent . the venue was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down . as the crowd went wild over the group 's unique ear-shattering brand of music , the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience - ending the concert and the life of the variety theater in one deafening shriek . abandoned for 30 years : the variety theater in cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a motorhead gig in 1984 . the power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good . built in 1927 , the variety theater was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in cleveland , ohio , before becoming an iconic music venue . the 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of metallica , the dead kennedy 's and r.e.m . before motorhead 's fatal performance on december 2 1984 . since then it has stayed abandoned and hidden from public eye until now , thirty years later , a photographer has captured a collection of eery images offering a fascinating glimpse into music history . seph lawless , the 37-year-old photojournalist from cleveland who took these incredible pictures , said : ' i 'm cleveland born and raised and i 've always been into rock and roll . ' this theater has gone down in folklore in my hometown and it always had that air of mystery when we were kids growing up . crumbling and rotting remains : the once-iconic ohio venue was sealed off on the order of a judge in 1986 , two years after motorhead 's gig . ' it was really inspiring to go in and photograph the theater , it 's something i 've always wanted to do and at times it actually felt like i was stepping back in time . ' i love rock and roll music so it was just incredible , it was like a time capsule to that era and that all the bands who performed there were captured in the fabric of the building . ' seph is a photojournalist specialising in nostalgic pictures . he recently completed a trip around the united states where he took photographs of abandoned or neglected buildings in every state . due to the efforts of the friends of the historic variety theater , an organization that owns the huge building , a scheme to regenerate the venue have been given a new lease of life . the group is said to have plans to spruce up the theater section of the building , turning it into a music venue once more . slow decay of time : many of the theater 's wooden seats have fallen into disrepair while the staircase shows the effects of years of decay . renowned venue : before its closure , the theater hosted concerts from bands including metallica , the dead kennedy 's and r.e.m . hidden from view : the stunning pictures were taken by 37-year-old photojournalist seph lawless , who has lived in cleveland all his life . silent halls : the walls are cracked and chipped and the tiles on the floor have rotted after three decades of abandonment . ruled to be unsafe : the venue was closed after the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience during a 1984 gig . open for half a century : built in 1927 , the variety theater was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in cleveland , ohio , before becoming an iconic music venue . regeneration : the friends of the historic variety theater have plans to spruce up the theater section of the building and rent out the structure’s eight retail store-fronts . dated equipment : most of the building 's machinery has been languishing for years since the venue 's unfortunate closure . 1920s-style décor : the theater had kept its vintage style for decades and left everything untouched when it was sealed up in 1986 . enticing : mr lawless said the theater ' has gone down in folklore ' in cleveland and always ' had that air of mystery ' to it when he was a child . fatal concert : during motorhead 's 1984 gig , the power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later the venue was cosed . a glimpse of the past : a peek through a broken piece of wall reveals the lit up stage of the variety theater in dramatic fashion . fascinating history : there are now plans to restore the decaying building to a live music venue . coated in dust : mr lawless is a photojournalist specialising in nostalgic pictures . he recently completed a trip around the united states where he took photographs of abandoned or neglected buildings in every state . 