banned : joseph getty was caught driving his range rover through belgrave square while drunk . a member of the ultra-wealthy getty family was today banned from driving after being caught behind the wheel of his range rover while double the legal drinking limit . joseph getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000 , which he paid immediately . westminster magistrates ' court heard that getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped while driving through belgrave square , near his west london home , two weeks ago . his conviction came just a day after his relative andrew getty was found dead at his hollywood home having suffered a ' traumatic injury to the rectal area ' . the court was told that getty , who is a director of the jewellery company run by his wife sabine ghanem , earns £40,000 a year as a financial analyst and was given a £96,000 bonus last year . prosecutor kate shilton told the court getty was stopped just after 11pm on march 17 , and had difficulty walking . ' he was stopped due to the manner of the driving , and officers could smell alcohol on his breath ' , she said . ' mr getty got out of the car and appeared unsteady on his feet . he had to be helped on to the footpath by the officers . ' rebecca lee , defending , said getty had made a ' stupid decision ' to drive home from an evening celebrating his wedding with friends who lived less than a mile away . ' the friends had n't been able to come to his wedding , they offered him a glass of wine and he agreed , she said . ' it was at home , a large glass , and maybe the glasses were topped up without close attention being paid to how much exactly was being drunk . ' he just did n't think , it was half a mile to drive home and that 's what he did . he wishes he could turn the clock back but he ca n't . ' socialite : getty with princess beatrice , centre , and his jewellery designer wife sabine ghanem , right . the court heard that getty had previously given up drinking in a bid to lose weight . ' it was pretty unusual on this evening that he had taken alcohol , ' ms lee said . magistrate paul brookes said : ' mr getty , until today you were a man of good character and unfortunately you will lose your good character . ' in your own words it was a very stupid thing to do , but it was more than stupid - it was dangerous . ' he was disqualified from driving for 20 months and ordered to pay a fine of £1,000 , costs of £85 and a surcharge of £120 . ms lee told the court : ' he offers his very sincere apologies for driving when he had taken alcohol . ' he very much regrets doing that and understands it was wrong . he recognises he made a serious error in judgement and it is behaviour he does not intend to repeat . ' he is acutely conscious of the effect on his wife and family , he knows they will be very disappointed with him and extremely angry with him for doing something so stupid . ' tragic : andrew getty has been found dead at his mansion in hollywood , naked from the waste down . ancestors : joseph getty is great-grandson of j. paul getty , left , and grandson of sir john paul getty , right . getty is the son of mark getty , the founder of leading photographic agency getty images , and the grandson of philanthropist sir john paul getty . the getty dynasty was started by j. paul getty , joseph 's great-grandfather , who became the richest man in the world thanks to the getty oil company and went on to set up a number of acclaimed art institutions , despite being a notorious miser . but the super-rich family has been touched by tragedy , most recently when andrew getty - son of john paul 's brother gordon - died after years of drug-taking and hard partying . he was found unconscious in his mansion , naked from the waste down and suffering from a brutal injury to his ' rectal area ' , according to the authorities . sir john paul getty , who died in 2003 , was an anglophile who became a british citizen and built a replica of the oval cricket ground at his country estate in buckinghamshire , wormsley park . but he also suffered family tragedy as his second wife talitha died of a heroin overdose , and his son john paul getty iii was kidnapped in rome . the family thought that john paul iii was faking his own kidnapping until his ear was cut off and sent to them . he was left paralysed after a drug overdose led to a stroke , and he died four years ago at the age of 54 .