a woman has described the terrifying moment she plunged 10ft underground after a pavement opened up beneath her on a busy southwest london street . chip shop worker jeannie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured . ms flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming ' get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' . scroll down for videos . ' disappeared ' : chip shop worker jeannie flynn , 53 , has described the terrifying moment she plunged 10ft underground after a pavement opened up beneath her on a busy southwest london street . busy street : ms flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she concerned heard passers-by screaming ' get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' . she had been walking to her gps on thursday morning to pick up a prescription when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement . as she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards . speaking to the sun , she added : ' i fell and i think i screamed . bricks were falling but did n't hit me . i 'm grateful i 'm not badly injured . ' a worker from the marrakech express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee . ' i felt like something stronger ! i was really shaky , ' she joked . ms flynn was taken to a hospital in fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising . her partner chris jeffries , 48 , claims she could have been killed in the accident . immediately after the incident , onlookers hearing a loud scream before ms flynn ' disappeared ' down the gap in the road and landed on the rubble below . ambulance crews were called to the cafe at about 8.50am to provide medical care . a man takes a picture of the five foot wide by two and a half foot long hole that suddenly appeared on thursday , exposing the cafe 's basement below . at the time there was confusion over whether ms flynn had been pushing a pram - but this was not the case . kate sissons , who witnessed the fall , posted a picture on instagram , saying : ' omg ! poor woman and pram just disappeared down this hole on north end rd . shes stuck down there . she added : ' loud scream and all i could see was the pram . ambulance and fire on way to get her out . scary . v v scary [ sic ] . ' a nearby flower stall owner , who asked not to be named , said she saw a man come running out of the cafe , shortly before the drama unfolded . ' the hole had been blocked off with tables and chairs but she had squeezed through and went straight down , ' she said . ' she did n't have a pram or a buggy , it was a shopping trolley . ' the shop owner was shouting out to her `` do n't come through there '' . ' we looked over and she was down , all the way down the hole . she had walked onto it and it had collapsed beneath her . ' scotland yard confirmed that officers attended the scene at 8.42am and that a child had not been involved . paul smith , 28 , a builder who was walking to work when he saw what he described as a ' shocking ' scene . he said : ' someone had fallen through - just like a trapdoor . it 's crazy . there is a huge hole in the floor and someone has fallen through the pavement . ' it is about a metre wide and about eight foot deep . i could n't see inside to see if it was a man or a woman but it was a person and the police were all around . ' atila mohammed , who runs the marrakech express where the hole opened up in front of in north end road , said he first became aware of the hole shortly before the incident . he said : ' a young man was passing , he came to me and said `` i was walking along and the pavement has broken '' . ' mr mohammed said that it was while he was checking the man was okay that woman , who was walking quite fast , approached the hole , which at this point was only quite small . this is the first image that emerged of the incident on thursday morning , taken by witness kate sissons . ' people were outside looking around and everyone said `` stop , stop , stop '' as she put her foot on the pavement . ' i said `` stop , stop '' , but i could n't stop her . there was only a small hole from the man before , but when the lady stepped there she broke everything and it fell . ' i tried to hold her and she fell all the way down . but she 's ok now i held her til the end . ' he said he lowered her down the five foot wide by two and a half foot long hole and she walked back up to the cafe via the basement and stairs and gave her a coffee while she waited for paramedics to arrive . the cafe manager claims he warned the council about the hole two years ago as he had noticed it was ' sagging ' . mr mohammed said : ' we were shocked . we told the council nearly two years ago it looks like its sagging and they 've done nothing . ' passers-by stop to take a look at the eight foot deep hole , which has been cordoned off since the incident . a cafe regular , who asked not to be named said : ' when we arrived about 9.10 all the police were here . ' we sit here every day and we were told that there was a large hole in the road and that the lady was running along the road , rushing . ' the 76-year-old added : ' the cafe manager came out and grabbed her . she had a green coat and blue/black trousers , i heard . ' i thought the woman who told me was joking , but having said that there has been a big droop in that area of pavement for a long long time . i noticed it away back in february . ' i see elderly people pushing shopping trolleys along here - it could have been them we were all shocked it was an accident waiting to happen . ' laura hill , 30 , who lives in wimbledon but works as a nanny in the area , walks up and down the road ' at least 10 times a day ' and says it could have happened to anyone . ' it 's an uneven pavement and a very busy area , with a bus stop really nearby . lots of elderly people sit outside that cafe in the morning too . ' i walk up and down the street at least 10 times a day with the child i look after in a pushchair . when i heard i thought `` that could 've been me '' . ' it 's all been boarded up now and you have to walk on the road to get past the hole now . people have been stopping to take pictures of it all day . ' a london ambulance spokesman confirmed paramedics were called to the scene at 8.53am after found the patient was ' shaken but not seriously injured ' and took her to charing cross hospital . hammersmith & fulham council said that it is investigating claims that mr mohammed raised the issue with the council two months ago and the causes of the collapse . a council spokeswoman added : ' the council’s structural engineer has carried out an initial investigation of the basement collapse in north end road and secured the site . ' the freeholder of the property is legally responsible for the structural integrity of their basement but we are carrying out a full review of what’s happened and will ensure the site is made safe and all necessary actions are taken once we have a full understanding of how this occurred . ' she also said that the incident had not been captured on cctv . exposed : the basement door of the century old cellar at the marrakech express can be seen below . the cafe owner said he was made aware of the hole by another passer-by just minutes before ms flynn fell .