nick clegg deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters , his wife miriam said today . the lib dem leader 's wife said the party 's mps ' deserve ' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years ' at great personal cost ' . she hit the campaign trail on her own today , as mr clegg said she ' just wanted to do her bit ' for the party . scroll down for video . miriam clegg joined lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone in hornsey and wood green in north london , where they shared a joke over cuddly toy lamb . liberal democrat leader nick clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today . mr clegg 's wife mirian said he deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters since becoming deputy pm in 2010 . miriam , who uses her maiden name gonzalez durantez , today appeared alongside lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone , who is battling to defend a near 7,000 majority in the north london seat of hornsey and wood green . the pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in london , being produced by the exposure project - a youth media enterprise . she is expected to campaign for several women candidates in the run up to the general election on may 7 . speaking to reporters about her role in the campaign , miriam said : ' i keep my day to day life , i keep working , i 'm doing what i did last time which is to help as much as i can . ' i am enjoying supporting women like lynne - i think lynne deserves to be re-elected . ' she added hat lib dems including her husband deserved another chance in power : ' i have seen nick and these guys for five years putting country above party consistently , every single day . ' very often at a great personal cost - they deserve to be back . ' the pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in london , being produced by the exposure project - a youth media enterprise . the lib dem leader 's wife said the party 's mps ' deserve ' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years ' at great personal cost ' . while his wife was campaigning in north london , mr clegg was 100 miles away at a campaign event in chippenham , wiltshire . her appearance on the campaign trail comes after a series of high profile visits and media interviews by david cameron 's wife samantha . ed miliband 's wife justine has also given interviews and spoken at campaign events in support of the labour leader . it suggests that party leaders think their spouses could be key to wooing swing voters in key areas with polls suggesting the election is too close to call . while his wife was campaigning in north london , mr clegg was 100 miles away at a campaign event in chippenham , wiltshire . mr clegg , pictured taking a break at a cafe in holt , wiltshire said his wife ' wanted to do her bit ' for the lib dem cause . he said his wife ' wanted to do her bit ' for the lib dem cause . asked if she was his ' secret weapon ' , he told itv news : ' i , of course , think miriam is brilliant in every single respect . ' miriam just wanted to do her bit , particularly to support women standing for parliament , standing for election . ' i 'm delighted that she has been prepared to do so amongst all the many other things she has to do . '