jose mourinho will play nemanja matic and cesc fabregas against queens park rangers , despite the threat of the duo missing the crunch clashes against arsenal and manchester united . the pair are both just one booking away from suspension , a dangerous situation given the top of the table clash against the gunners next weekend and trip to old trafford on april 17 . but mourinho insists his midfield twosome will play at loftus road on sunday . chelsea 's cesc fabregas will start against qpr despite being one booking away from a two-game ban . nemanja matic would miss games against arsenal and manchester united if he is shown a yellow card . chelsea boss jose mourinho is unwilling to look beyond sunday 's london derby at loftus road . asked if the pair would start in his pre-match press conference , mourinho said : ' yeah . always the same . we do n't want bookings . we try not to get yellow cards . ' in the last match our opponent had 22 fouls and we had five . the way we play it 's not easy for our players to be booked . ' the game is a three points game . we need points , we need victories . it does n't make sense to think about some games ( arsenal and manchester united ) and not about others . ' we have to win every game . we have to win the next game . we do n't think about the points we have or the match we have in hand . ' they ( qpr ) need points in these remaining six games . it 's a difficult game . ' mourinho has never taken a team to loftus road before but he expects the home fans to create a tough atmosphere for his players . loic remy is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring a vital goal against stoke last weekend . striker diego costa is the only player on mourinho 's injury list after coming off against stoke last weekend . asked whether he thought sunday 's game would be hostile , mourinho said : ' that 's what people tell me . we go to play , we go to win . people in the stands can play a role but they can not score goals . ' i 'm not worried . i 'm focused on playing our game . ' mourinho would not be drawn on john terry 's return to loftus road after the former england captain was given a four-match ban and fined £220,000 for allegedly racially abusing hoops defender anton ferdinand in 2011 . ferdinand 's brother , rio , is now part of chris ramsey 's squad but mourinho does not believe the incident will affect his skipper . he said : ' i think it 's just a football match . a very important game for both teams . we know they want to win and they know we want to win . it 's not an easy match . ' 