after years of negotiations , stephen king 's hit novel series the dark tower is on its way to big and small screens near you . the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series . finally , three years later , things are back on track - this time with sony . finally : stephen king has announced sony will be putting his ' magnum opus ' the dark tower in cinemas . these are just two of the eight novels which king spent over 40 years writing . the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from the first novel , the gunslinger ( left ) , focusing on the lead character roland . ' i 'm excited that the dark tower is finally going to appear on the screen , ' king said in a statement . ' those who have traveled with roland and his friends in their search for the dark tower are going to have their long-held hopes fully realized . this is a brilliant and creative approach to my books . ' the eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a ' gunslinger ' on his journey towards a tower . describing his self-professed ' magnum opus ' , king said it combines the essences of the wild west , science fiction , and lord of the rings . like j. r. r. tolkien 's celebrated trilogy , the dark tower has its own unique language . according to deadline , the newfangled project has an entirely new script which focuses on the relationship between roland and jake in gunslinger , the first book . a provisional script has been written by akiva goldsman ( cinderella man ) and jeff pinkner ( lost ) . rumored leads : javier bardem ( left ) and russell crowe ( right ) are said to be interested in the lead role . three years on , javier bardem and russell crowe are still rumored to be interested in the lead role . sony chairman tom rothman said in a statement : ' there are few projects out there that compare with the scope , vision , complex characters and fully drawn world that stephen king has created with the dark tower . ' i am a giant fan . and , as stephen himself does , we love the direction that akiva and jeff have taken . this is a great opportunity for a director to put his or her stamp on a cool global franchise . ' when warner bros dropped the deal - initiated by universal - king told a press conference : ' the dark tower , to me , and i’m not unbiased because i’m the writer on this thing , but to me it looks like gold on the ground waiting to be picked up . '  