holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight . after five customers reported having ' thermal incidents ' , holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado- suv or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately . spanning just over a year , the models said to be affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015 . after five customers reported having ' thermal incidents ' , holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado- suv or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately . this latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 . last year , holden shared the title of most recalls with jeep after issuing 14 notices to recall around nine vehicles- including the holden barina , the holden cruze and the holden tj trax- amid safety concerns . a website run by the federal government confirmed there is a risk ' cable insulation ' in the colorado ' may melt of catch fire . ' holden said the issue is caused by an alternator cable making unnecessary contact with a steel bracket on the battery tray . they said under certain driving conditions the movement of the engine could cause the cable to rub through the insulation , potentially causing a short circuit . this latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 , with five recalls in only four months . ' if the short circuit creates sufficient heat , there is a risk that the cable insulation may melt or potentially catch fire , ' holden told newscorp in a statement . holden said drivers should look out for warning signs that their car may be affected , like a battery warning light on the dash board , or in more serious cases a ' small amount of smoke ' seen coming from the engine bay . earlier this month , holden recalled the korean-made captiva after concerns that the suv may lurch forward if the key was left in the ignition for too long . this brings holden to a total of five recalls in the first four months of this year . holden revealed that if the short circuit creates sufficient heat , there is a risk that the cable insulation may melt or potentially catch fire ( stock photo ) . this comes as the australian competition and consumer commission ( accc ) announced figures that show the number of safety recalls in australia are steadily on the rise . the accc monitored 307 recalls in 2014 , a 14 per cent increase from 2013 where they only monitored 268 recalls . the figures show there has been a consistent increase in recalls dating back to 2010 . recalls the accc have monitored in australia included a punching bag that contained nails and needles , a vacuum that put users at risk of electric shock and burns , an ' egg free ' ice cream that contained egg whites and a spear gun that fired without warning . senator madigan , a former democratic labor party representative told farifax he blamed the rise in recalls on a ' systemic regulatory failure ' to protect australians from substandard imported products . ' there is definitely more faulty stuff around , but i do think that people are becoming a little bit more aware , and sick of it . there 's a lot of these cheap places where you can go and buy cheap stuff , but it 's not cheap if it does n't last , ' he warned . 