she 's a best-selling singer , actress , fashion designer , beauty buff and one of the world 's best connected stars . and now , rita ora - who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe 's most successful and popular stars - is lending her good looks to a modelling campaign . rita has been unveiled as the face of rimmel 's latest beauty campaign and showcases the brand 's colourful new collection of eyeliners , lipsticks and nail varnishes . scroll down for video . rita ora , 24 , has lent her good looks to rimmel 's colourful new beauty campaign . rocking a red lip and beachy , tousled hair , rita proves she can cut it as a model . kate moss had to wait almost a decade to get a look from rimmel but not rita , who was snapped up in 2013 by the beauty giant . rita has even unveiled her own festival-inspired range , rimmel : colourfest lip and nail collection by rita ora , for the beauty giant . the collection , which is also inspired by rita 's passion for music , is full of long-lasting lip glosses and high shine polishes in the rainbow hued colours that rita loves . rocking a red lip and beachy , tousled hair , rita proves she can cut it as a model as she showcases her cleavage in a brian litchenberg graffiti-emblazoned crop top . rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range , rimmel : colourfest lip and nail collection by rita ora , for the beauty giant . as well as conquering the beauty world , rita partied with fashion 's finest at tommy hilfiger 's new store opening and dinner party that followed in paris , france , on tuesday night . rita 's rapper beau ricky , son of the legendary designer , smartened up for the occasion , ditching his usual emo jumpers and baggy jeans for a grey suit . the green-haired star happily posed alongside his girlfriend , who set off her look with a top-knot and a slick of deep red lipstick . rita partied with fashion 's finest at tommy hilfiger 's new store opening and dinner party that followed in paris , france , on tuesday night with her boyfriend ricky . rita and ricky 's romance has been going from strength-to-strength since they met last summer and the pair reportedly moved in together in january . the voice uk coach showed no sign of her recent disappointment after losing her two remaining acts , karis and joe , during the semi-final of the bbc one singing competition last weekend . the pop starlet is the only coach going into the final with no acts . kaiser chiefs frontman ricky wilson was the only mentor to get both of his acts - emmanuel and stevie - into the final , while will.i.am and sir tom both have a contestant in the running to be crowned the winner of series four . rita 's own collection is also inspired by her passion for music , with one polish in her range fittingly being named ' glastonberry ' . 