when your credit card details are stolen , where do they end up ? one data company attempted to find out by diving into the dark web - a murky online world where stolen information is often offered up for sale . the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe , and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks . scroll down for video . the unique experiment tracked stolen data as it travelled the globe , and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks . overall , the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia . ' when the story first broke about the morgan stanley breach , it got us thinking , ' security research firm bitglass wrote on their blog . ' we all hear about these massive breaches that take place , target , home depot , sony , anthem , premera , but what actually happens to the data after it is stolen ? ' bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials , and then placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the dark web , using a tor browser as an entry point . the company then tracked the data as it travelled to various sinister locations around the world , and as it was shared amongst cyber-crime syndicates overseas . bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials , and then placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the dark web , using a tor browser as an entry point . by day 12 , the file had received over 1,080 clicks had spread to 22 countries on five continents . the stolen data found its way on the dark web to five continents - north america , asia , europe , africa and south america . it was accessed from 22 countries - united states , brazil , belgium , nigeria , hong kong , spain , germany , the united kingdom , france , sweden , finland , the maldives , new zealand , canada , norway , the russian federation , the netherlands , the czech republic , denmark , italy , turkey and luxembourg . overall , the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia . traffic patterns suggest the fake data was shared among members of the syndicates to vet its validity and subsequently shared elsewhere on the dark web , beyond the original drop sites . ' [ the ] file travels through bitglass proxy when downloaded from a cloud or on-premises application , ' the company explained . when this occurs , the document is automatically embedded with an invisible watermark . every time the document was opened , a ' ping ' was sent to the bitglass portal displaying : user name , file name , geographic location , ip address and device type . even if a watermarked document was copied and pasted elsewhere , or mutilated in some way , the watermarks still persisted . within only a few days , the fake credentials had been downloaded in over five countries , three continents and was viewed over 200 times . by day 12 , the file had received over 1,080 clicks had spread to 22 countries on five continents . ' by the end of the experiment the fake document of employee data had made its way to north america , south america , asia , europe , and africa , ' the company said in their report . ' countries frequently associated with cyber-criminal activity , including russia , china and brazil , were the most common access points for the identity data . every time the document was opened , a ' ping ' was sent to the bitglass portal displaying : user name , file name , geographic location , ip address and device type . pictured are the regions that accessed the data by day 17 . traffic patterns suggest the fake data was shared among members of the syndicates to vet its validity and subsequently shared elsewhere on the dark web , beyond the original drop sites . overall , the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia . traffic patterns suggest the fake data was shared among members of the syndicates to vet its validity and subsequently shared elsewhere on the dark web , beyond the original drop sites . last year , 783 data breaches were reported in the us , which represents a 27.5 percent spike over the previous year . often it can take months , and sometimes years , for a company to detect a security problem . by this time , the data is likely to have already travelled around the world . last year , 783 data breaches were reported in the us , which represents a 27.5 percent spike over the previous year.often it can take months , and sometimes years , for a company to detect a security problem . by this time , the data is likely to have already travelled around the world .