cole skuse 's first ipswich town goal , in their win against cardiff city which kept them in the final playoff spot , was a long time coming but boy was it worth the wait . after 21 months and 82 appearances since he signed from bristol city in july 2013 , skuse opened his account with a 30-yard effort which could barely have been struck sweeter . the score was already 1-1 when , in the 29th minute , cardiff defender bruno ecuele manga stretched to clear on the edge of the box and the ball bounced to skuse , who hit it first time then watched it fly in off the right post . cole skuse ( centre ) is mobbed by his team-mate after making it 2-1 to ipswich in the first half . freddie sears ( left ) opens the scoring for ipswich as cardiff defender bruno ecuele manga tries to stop him . sears celebrates his goal with his team-mate christophe berra . daryl murphy ( centre ) wraps up the win for ipswich with a third goal in the 90th minute . ipswich ( 4-4-2 ) : bialkowski ; chambers , smith , berra , mings ; parr ( anderson 74 ) , bishop ( fryers 87 ) , skuse , hunt ( tabb 58 ) ; sears , murphy . subs not used : gerken , chaplow , wood , williams . goals : sears 8 , skuse 29 , murphy 90 . manager : mick mccarthy . booked : skuse , berra , mings . cardiff ( 4-4-2 ) : marshall ; peltier , manga , morrison , malone ; fabio ( noone 64 ) , whittingham , gunnarsson , ralls ( pilkington 74 ) ; doyle ( harris 85 ) , mason . subs not used : moore , adeyemi , o'keefe , kennedy . goal : doyle 13 . manager : russell slade . booked : fabio , malone . referee : gavin ward . stadium : portman road . attendance : 17,722 . ‘ i don’t think anyone has seen a better strike than that , ’ manager mick mccarthy declared . ‘ it was so emphatic it got the crowd up and us up . we needed it , when they scored they had a good period and it changed the dynamic . ’ it was a torrid night for ecuele manga who was all too easily shrugged away from the ball when ipswich striker freddie sears ran on to a long pass from christophe berra , took a touch and then finished low under goalkeeper david marshall to open the scoring after eight minutes . but five minutes later cardiff levelled . scott malone wonderfully arced a cross from the left which was headed in by eoin doyle . cardiff manager russell slade said : ‘ we had flagged up certain things before the match , we had to be aware of the long ball to sears and we also flagged up stopping skuse . that was disappointing . ’ ipswich restored their lead with skuse’s strike but fabio da silva , formerly of manchester united , missed a simple chance to level for cardiff when he shot wide from three yards . marshall tipped daryl murphy’s powerful header over on 49 minutes and denied tommy smith in the 76th before berra sent the rebound on to the bar . in stoppage time , however , ipswich finally added a third . skuse had a chance to shoot from distance and the portman road crowd were urging him on , but the midfielder passed to murphy instead and the striker slotted in . referee gavin ward has to separates ipswich 's tyrone mings and cardiff 's fabio after they clash . cardiff 's scott malone looks dejected at full-time as defeat leaves russel slade 's side way down the .