former nfl cornerback will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi-million dollar ponzi scheme . they 're accused of reaping more than $ 31 million in a ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes . the securities and exchange commission announced the charges monday against william d. allen , susan daub and their capital financial partners investment firms . allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012 , playing for the new york giants and the miami dolphins . accused : former nfl cornerback will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi-million dollar ponzi scheme ( file photo ) . he was signed by the new england patriots in march 2012 but was placed on injured reserve the following august , and he left football in march 2013 . daub , 54 , is a financial professional who also lives in florida , according to the sec . the sec said allen and daub paid about $ 20 million to investors but received only around $ 13 million in loan repayments from athletes . to make up the gap they paid investors with other investors ' money rather than actual profits on the investments , in a classic ponzi scheme , the agency said . the sec said allen and daub misled investors about the terms and even the existence of some of the loans , telling them they could receive interest on the loans of up to 18 percent from the athletes . the pair used some funds from investors to cover personal charges at casinos and nightclubs and to finance other business ventures , the agency alleged . the sec 's criminal complaint quoted the website for capital financial as saying ' in many cases , athletes ' contracts do not allow them to access their guaranteed money during the off season or early in the season when they may need a significant sum to purchase a house or car , pay the bills , or meet a financial demand . ' by pooling the resources of a network of investors , cfp gives athletes access to money when they need it while providing investors with solid , short-term returns on investment . ' the sec said its lawsuit against allen and daub was filed under seal in federal court in boston last week and unsealed on sunday . the agency won an asset freeze against them from the court last week . two of their firms are based in boston . scam : the sec alleges that allen and his business partner susan daub used some funds from investors to cover personal charges at casinos and nightclubs and to finance other business ventures ( file photo ) . the sec is seeking an injunction against allen and daub and the firms , as well as unspecified penalties and restitution of allegedly ill-gotten gains . paul levenson , director of the sec 's regional office in boston , said in a statement : ' the defendants sold investors on the idea of lending money to pro athletes , but we allege that’s not where a large portion of the investors’ money went . ' as in any ponzi scheme , the appearance of a successful investment was only an illusion sustained by lies . ' the telephone was n't answered at a listing for will d. allen in davie , fla. , where allen is said to live . a person answering the phone at daub 's home said there was no comment . they are not represented in the case by attorneys , according to the sec .