mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night , when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the ellery show . as designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow , a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music . the local man was pictured covering his ears , wagging his finger , and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway . scroll down for video . turn down that racket ! a man stormed the runway at ellery's mercedes-benz fashion week australia show at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night . drama : the man , understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue , walked onto the runway while designer kym ellery was taking her bow . disgruntled : the man was overheard to tell security that the music was a ' disgrace ' , and that show organisers had ' no respect for the local community ' . angry : eye witnesses tell daily mail australia that ' dramatic ' loud music boomed throughout the 15-minute show . bass : electronic music boomed throughout the space for the duration of the 15-minute show . hardcore electronic music with a heavy bass line boomed throughout the space for the duration of the show , which lasted about 15 minutes . the man was reportedly overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community . ' the noise is way too loud , this is disgrace , ' eye witnesses overheard him say , according to the sydney morning herald . ' it was loud but it was all part of the dramatic vibe , ' a guest at the ellery show told daily mail australia . the australian designer was n't fazed by the disruption , the eye-witness added . ' kym ran out merrily at the end , aside from that it all went perfectly . ' escorted out : the man was removed from the venue by a security guard . down in front ! ellery only walked down half the catwalk as the scuffle occurred at the other end . unfazed : the australian fashion designer threw her hands in the air and smiled widely , the room erupting into applause . indeed the style-maker looked utterly triumphant as she ran onto the catwalk as the show came to an end . appearing on the glitter-covered runway in an all-black ensemble of her own design , she threw her hands above her head and grinned as the room exploded into applause - doing nothing to reduce the noise levels . the room was packed with fashionistas on the opening night , many of them wearing looks from the beloved designer 's latest collection . on a high : kym made her entrance in one of her own ensembles . return to the runway : the ellery show was the first time gemma ward has walked at mbfwa since before her six-year hiatus from modelling . walk this way : models sashay beneath a shower of confetti as the first show of fashion week came to a close . black swan : a ballet performance on the catwalk marked the start of the 20th mercedes-benz fashion week australia . highlight : it is the ninth time ellery has showcased her wares at mbfwa . intricate : delicate fabrics and intricate prints contrasted with minimalist monochrome . cheyenne tozzi , lindy klim , jodi anasta , jessica mauboy and bambi northwood-blyth were just some of the a-listers that showed up to support ellery . it was also a special night for model gemma ward , who made the ellery show the first time she has walked at australian fashion week since before her six-year hiatus from modeling . it 's the ninth time ellery has showcased her wares at mbfwa . off-the-shoulder , oversized silhouettes , and flares reigned supreme on the catwalk .