to hear leigh griffiths tell it , the intervention staged by celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back . whatever the detail of the conversation , and however lasting the effects may be , the short-term impact on the 24-year-old force of nature — often as unruly and unpredictable as a whirlwind — has been nothing short of remarkable . as the kid himself puts it : ‘ being top scorer now means that , since i have had a talk with the manager , i have knuckled down and proved him wrong , proved jc wrong and shown that i deserve to be here . ’ hat-trick hero leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award . rather revealing , isn’t it ? clearly demanding deila and original gym rat collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent , wielding a big stick in a bid to persuade griffiths that the carrot wasn’t such a bad alternative to chips and tea cakes . ‘ i had to improve , ’ admits the former hibs star . ‘ i wasn’t playing at the start of the season . i had a talk with the manager and john collins about everything and about what they wanted me to do . ‘ thankfully , in the two months since the turn of the year , i have knuckled down and they are seeing the rewards now . ‘ what did they say to me ? i had to be working hard in the gym and working hard to get my fitness levels up . i did that and i have been bang on form since the turn of the year . ‘ when i was at hibs , i would have been the first name on the team sheet given the goals i scored . ‘ but coming here , it’s a massive club and , with the new manager coming into the club , he wanted to impose his own philosophy . ‘ playing one up front , you have to work hard and my fitness levels were not up to his standards . since january , though , my fitness levels have been good and i have been scoring goals . ‘ i was brought to celtic to score goals and i’ve started to do that since the turn of the year . i haven’t set any new targets — but i do want a good run of games . ‘ i want to be starting every game from now until the end of the season and score as many goals as i possibly can . celtic 's leigh griffiths ( right ) completes his hat-trick against kilmarnock . ‘ the manager selects the team he thinks is best to win the game and we have boys in the squad and coming on from the bench . ‘ myself , anthony stokes , stuart armstrong , gary mackay-steven were all on the bench against kilmarnock . ’ griffiths is making a stronger case than most by banging in the goals , his hat-trick in wednesday night’s 4-1 home win over kilmarnock definitely ranking among the better substitute performances the scottish game has seen this season . his second treble haul in celtic colours took his total for the season to 15 goals , the majority of those coming in 2015 , as he has contended more frequently with john guidetti , stefan scepovic and anthony stokes for the lone striker’s role favoured — for now , at least — by deila . watching guidetti amble around aimlessly until griffiths arrived to partner the big swede on wednesday night , it definitely seems as though deila has only two options for sunday’s scottish cup semi-final against inverness . either he plays both in a traditional front-pairing . or he lets griffiths , scorer of an early opener against caley thistle in the highlands last weekend , loose on his own at hampden . if his midweek goals explosion makes it impossible to omit the former livingston , dundee and wolves striker from the starting xi , his record in major semi-finals at the national stadium also counts in his favour . substitute griffiths came off the bench to spark celtic into life after lacklustre first-half . the extra-time hero as he scored his second of the game to ease hibs past falkirk 4-3 at this stage of the scottish cup two years ago , griffiths also opened the scoring for celtic against rangers in the league cup semi earlier this season . ‘i’ve played in two semi-finals at hampden and i have won two , ’ he points out . ‘ hopefully , i can continue that . ‘i’ll be looking to score again . but the most important thing is for the team to win the game and reach the scottish cup final . ‘ inverness will come down and make it difficult for us . they proved last weekend they are a hard team to beat . ‘ every game against them this season has been tight and i expect the same again on sunday . ’ if griffiths starts and plays as he did against killie , even caley thistle at their most obdurate will struggle to cope . his hat-trick — one perfectly placed header , one absolute screamer from distance and a driven low finish — was a timely reminder of what he can do , when the mood is upon him . celtic manager ronny deila ( left ) congratulates griffiths after the final whistle . ‘ it wasn’t a bad night’s work , ’ he says with a smile . ‘ it was just good to get the win because we were disappointed not to win at inverness last weekend . and we had suffered a setback , going 1-0 down to kilmarnock , although the boys fought back in the right way . ‘ all of the goals were my favourites . the first one was a great ball into the box by kris commons and i managed to head it down into the net . ‘ the second one went in off the post and i was just waiting for the whistle to go for being offside for the third . thankfully , it didn’t come and i fired it back across the goalkeeper . ‘it’s only my third hat-trick in senior football , so it’s decent . my second one came for celtic against inverness last year . ’ cute move , dropping that into conversation . take note , gaffer ? not only am i bang in form , not only do i have a great record at hampden , but i’ve shown i can do the business against inverness . celtic start as favourites on sunday and , with hibs also edging the odds in their semi against falkirk , griffiths could spend may 30 torn between professional pride and genuine love for his hometown team . asked outright if he would like to face hibernian , balancing up the desire to become a treble winner against the need to condemn his boyhood heroes to at least one more year of scottish cup taunts , griffiths admitted : ‘ honest answer , no ! ‘ if they get there , it will be great for the club , but i’m just concentrating on doing my job for celtic . we are eight points clear in the league and in a good position and , obviously , we want to go for the treble . ‘ there is still a long way to go and we have difficult games coming up . at the moment , inverness are standing in our way of having a potentially great season . ’