this is the ' disgusting ' meal that was served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing . joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for around eight months . the elderly woman 's son , steve , visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . but after finding the ' terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room , mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care . this is the ' disgusting ' serving of baked potato and corned beef served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing . another meal mr ashton and his mother were unhappy with was a lasagne that was ' full of oil ' , he said . ' this was never to pick holes in the quality of care that they’re giving , it was just about the terrible food being served to the elderly people , ' mr ashton said . mr ashton took action when his mother said the meal looked so unappetising she did not want to eat it . ' i pulled that out of the fridge and it was just disgusting . it 's difficult to mess up a jacket potato and corned beef but there we have it - they did it . ' when mr ashton complained to newport city homes which is in charge of residents ' care but says he was told : ' that 's what your mother ordered . ' ' she might have ordered it because there was a lack of choice - but then it comes out and the corned beef looks dry and the jacket potato looks disgusting , ' he added . other substandard meals to have been served include a lasagne ' full of oil ' , mr ashton said . residents at aneurin bevan court pay £42 a week for food . for that they are given two course-meals six days a week and and three-course meals on sundays . steve ashton is now campaigning for changes to be made to ensure better food standards . his mother joan , 81 , lives alone in the sheltered housing complex . but mr ashton is campaigning for more to be done to ensure standards are improved . he has already met with newport city homes to discuss possible changes . ' i am glad they have taken this seriously but initially they didn’t seem to think there was a massive problem at the residence with regards to the food . ' if you wish to share photographs or a story about food in sheltered housing which you think was under-par , email jennifer.smith @ mailonline.co.uk or phone 02036150193 . mr ashton caught their attention after sharing the photograph of the meal on facebook . it was shared 129,000 times under the caption : ' it is my mission to get the food at this place changed and to get them serving high-quality food and meets the needs of all residents ( sic ) . ' i also want to raise awareness as a lot of elderly people may be hiding the fact that they are not getting a healthy meal every day . ' i want to reach the right people and i want this slop to never be served to anyone again . ' a spokesman for newport city homes said : ' following concerns raised regarding catering services at aneurin bevan court sheltered housing scheme we have held a meeting with the family concerned and apologised for the meal provided . ' we have also agreed a series of improvements which we will monitor with the family and all residents at aneurin bevan court . ' mrs ashton lives at aneurin bevan court ( pictured ) . her son insists she is well-looked after there but would like to see better food standards . 