a north carolina mechanic whose son was murdered nine years ago found an inscription dedicated to his fallen son on a car he was working on in his body shop . john brynarsky 's son chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina . when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it , his friend mark cosentino said . so cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but not before writing a message on the inside . chris brynarsky ( back left ) was killed in his custom car detail shop in october 2006 . when he was shot , he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it . his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car . ' in memory of christopher brynarsky october 11th , 2006 11:45 am , ' cosentino told wzzm . ' i just wanted to immortalize him . that was my way of doing it ' . cosentino said he never thought anyone would see the inside of the bumper , but it resurfaced nine years later , in chris brynarsky 's father 's body shop in charlotte . on good friday , john brynarsky was working on a car when he took off the bumper and found the message . ' i did n't know what to do , ' john brynarsky said . ' i did n't know what to think . ' chris 's brother jonathan , who also works at hendrick luxury collision center with his father , was just as shocked about the discovery . ' somehow it came to this shop , somehow we got it and it 's just unreal , ' jonathan told wzzm . ' you ca n't even write something like that . ' john brynarsky was working on a car at hendrick luxury collision center in charlotte , north carolina , when he took of a bumper and found an inscription dedicated to his murdered son . when john brynarsky met cosentino after discovering the message , it was clear they shared a special bond . ' for it to end up with his dad getting it , is just mind boggling , ' john said about finding the bumper . ' i ca n't believe it . ' and cosentino said he 's grateful his memorial for chris ended up in the right hands after nearly a decade . ' it 's a good feeling to know that i did do that and somebody else did see it , especially the right person , ' cosentino said . ' it 's a good day when something like this happens . we do n't get a lot of days like this anymore . ' though the brynarsky family lost chris nine years ago , but it seems he remains in everyone 's heart . ' i miss him every day , ' john said brynarsky . ' and we think about him every day , too . '