these are the four royal navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party in a canadian barracks . the men , who were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia , allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman . the assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards . scroll down for video . charged : royal navy sailors joshua finbow , 23 , ( left ) and simon radford , 31 , ( right ) pictured in uniform and training . held : craig stoner , 24 , ( left ) and darren smalley , 35 , ( right ) are being held by military police in canada . joshua finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer , craig stoner , 24 , simon radford , 31 , and darren smalley , 35 , were arrested six days later . they were led into dartmouth provincial court on friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies . the men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault . a spokesman for the canadian military police said the four were at a drinks party at the shearwater naval base near halifax on april 10 when the alleged offence took place . the alleged victim , who is a civilian , was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses . shearwater is a secure military facility where id is needed for access . the woman was reportedly invited on to the base to attend a party linked to the ice hockey tournament . lieutenant colonel francis bolduc , commanding officer of the canadian forces national investigations service ( cfnis ) , said : ' this is a disturbing accusation of sexual assault . ' i 'm pleased with the full co-operation provided by the british authorities to support the hard work and diligence of the cfnis team in responding to this matter . ' in custody : joshua finbow ( left ) and simon radford ( right ) as they are led from court in dartmouth , nova scotia . detained : craig stoner , 24 , ( left ) and darren smalley , 35 , ( right ) are in shackles as they are led away following a brief court appearance in canada . military police seized bedding , clothing and electronic devices such as mobile phones , laptops and ipads belonging to the men . they also forensically examined the room the attack is alleged to have taken place in , along with nearby areas . if found guilty , the men could face 14 years in jail . the charges will cause serious embarrassment to senior royal navy officers . one source said : ' i expect very high-ups in both the canadian and british navies are going to be watching this case closely . ' radford – understood to be the team 's coach – lives in gosport , hampshire , with his wife yvonne , and their daughter . he had posted on facebook on april 5 about travelling to halifax from heathrow . the day after the alleged attack he said he was at the city 's harbour . naval base : the east coast navy base at halifax , nova scotia , near to where the alleged incident occurred . last night his wife said she had not spoken to him since his arrest . it is understood finbow , of stockbridge , hampshire , also has a partner . the day before the incident , the team had taken part in curling at an ice rink . then on the day of the alleged attack , the team played against the canadian fleet diving unit in the morning , followed by the shearwater over-45s team in the afternoon . hal puddifant , shearwater arena manager , said : ' they seemed like a good group of guys , there were a couple of canadians on the team . they cancelled some games . i have no idea why . ' the four spent the weekend in jail and will appear again before dartmouth provincial court today to determine whether they will receive bail . crown attorney scott morrison said : ' it is a sensitive issue and a very serious charge . ' at this point it 's possible they could be released , but the main issue is whether or not they will be allowed to leave canada . ' a ministry of defence spokesman said the navy ' takes allegations of this nature very seriously , however as legal proceedings continue it would be inappropriate to comment further ' . the team 's facebook page was taken down following the arrests , as were the men 's personal facebook pages . the royal navy ice hockey website was taken down ' due to maintenance ' . military base : an aerial view of the shearwater military base where four british sailors are accused of assaulting a civilian .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .