adding a gritty edge to tuesday at mercedes benz fashion week australia , phoenix keating , alice mccall , zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw , punk style on the catwalk . punk fashion took to the runway at sydney 's carriageworks , with stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk . khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . scroll down for video . karate kids : models go oriental with loose metallic pants , skorts and tied kimono blazers at khim hang . eighties revival : fishnets were brought back into fashion in the new phoenix keating collection . tatts are back : models were seen to have a colourful display of tattoos on show at the alice mccall show . spice up your life : model is seen wearing nineties spice girls bun hair style on runway at phoenix keating . the collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence - an obvious nod to his cultural background ( his parents are originally from cambodia ) . the line featured oriental influenced prints , rigid soldier tailoring as seen in the kimono jackets , waist ties , loose pants and eyebrow raising stocking shoes and caps that could overall look be described as a modern fusion of war soldier meets lay monk . this year also marks a record for hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at mbfwa . green with envy : metallic shades of olive green and emerald dominated on the zhivago runway . killer geishas : models mimic geishas in with white asymmetrical dresses and gold shoes at zhivago . at 22 , the brisbane designer already has over 30 international stockists - despite it only being his third year as a designer . fashion bloggers star margaret zhang teamed up with the designer to style the runway show . in a striking contrast to hang 's conservative punk adoption , dark eyes , wet hair a sexy attitude ruled at phoenix keating runway . prom night : model wears barbie pink prom inspired dress at alice mccall but loses a sleeve along the way . sydney-based designer , phoenix keating , who has previously wowed the likes of lady gaga , brought a dark , glam punk showcase with fish netted models taking to the runway with bronzed skin , smoky eyes and wet look hair . the collection featured black satin and emerald crepe fabrics amongst the fishnet overlays and captured the on-trend netting style seen in sport luxe looks , but adding a sophisticated , edge to the smouldering models . satin show stopper : black satin was used in conjunction with fishnet fabric to add sexy , edge to keating show . oversized office attire : models wore lose black and white pants and men style shirts in the khim hang show . the alice mccall show also grabbed the audience 's attention in a clearly visual punk representation , with colourful , tattoos displayed across the back of a catwalk model . the model wore a open backed top , which clearly highlighted the punk-rock tattoos , a obvious statement rebelling against the fashion norm , in what follows throughout the gritty collection . contrasting the tattoo laden model , another model mimics a prom barbie , with innocent blonde locks and a satin pink frock , but is fast made punk with smoky eyes reminiscent of the heroine chic look . crepe on the catwalk : models wear crepe , flowing dresses at the michael lo sordo . corporate cool : models wear sophisticated high-neck designs at the ginger and smart show . the model is also seen to lose one of her sleeves mid-catwalk in what 's not is a mistake or a obvious tribute to her late night , rolled-out-of a-gutter chic look . the last triumphant punk look came from western australian design duo zhivago . zhivago 's lara kovacevich and lydia tsvetnenko swapped rag-doll , wet look hair for bold , black , cut-throat bob-cut wigs , in what can be described as a killer geisha models . all that glitters : models wear gold asymmetrical dress ( left ) and contrasting muted grey ( right ) at toni maticevski . white out : it was all about crisp , textured whites at the haryono setiadi show . wearing leather harnessed stiletto heels , striking black wigs , high-cut asymmetrical dresses and arm cuffs the collection was a strong edition to the modern punk look on display . models also were seen to have dark eye lined eyes and dominant brushed eyebrows . the remaining designers that presented including jason brunsdon , toni maticveski , ginger and smart , michael lo sordo and one fell swoop chose to take a more safe approach , sticking with classic couture - with frills , pastels , draping and long-line gowns . sleek selection : models wore silky , soft white and black classics at the one fell swoop show . sex in sydney : models channel a 90s carrie bradshaw inspired look at jayson brunsdon . 