with her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks , dame helen mirren has never looked better . but the oscar-winning actress , who has won countless accolades for her talents , believes she was in her prime age-wise in the ' unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ' horrible ' time for women . in an interview with times2 , the 69-year-old actress explained : ' i happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s . it was horrible . ' scroll down for video . dame helen mirren , pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the ' unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ' horrible ' time for women . badgley mischka dress . click to shop the brand at farfetch ! visit site . helen mirren proves time and again that youth has got nothing to do with style , elegance and beauty . the actress looked stunning at the premiere of the woman in gold and showed us just why she 's an inspiration to us all . her dress is by badgley mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet . navy is softer than black and more flattering to all skin tones and ages . and of course a spot of embellishment adds glamour and a sense of festiveness . but helen did n't shy away from a sexy edge either with that sheer panel across the shoulders . styled with navy suede pumps by jimmy choo , helen has once again nailed cocktail dressing for the more mature woman . her exact dress is sadly not available online but click ( right ) to shop the brand at farfetch . or recreate the look with our edit below . alice + olivia , asos and reiss have all got great options that will do the trick . bless'ed are the meek perspective dress at shopbop ( now $ 299 ) . visit site . alice + olivia dress in caprise silk at bloomingdales ( now $ 198.75 ) visit site . asos daisy embellished shift dress ( now $ 42 ) . visit site . reiss dress in rosalin sheer sleeve lace at bloomingdales . visit site . the actress , who starred in o lucky man ! in 1973 - when she was in her thirties - and the long good friday in 1980 , went on to explain that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was ' perilous ' for women . ' men saw that as a sort of , `` oh , fantastic ! we can f*** anything , however we like , whenever we like ! they 're up for grabs , boys ! '' it was that kind of attitude ' , she said . mirren also said revelations about celebrities from that era , such as jimmy savile , did not come as a surprise . 'i’m sure that if that f****** bastard was alive today he would be utterly confused . he would think , `` they liked it , they loved me , i was a big star , so they wanted it '' , ' she said . the actress , pictured in the 1970s , said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was ' perilous ' for women . mirren , pictured , left , this year and , right , in 1976 said that men had a ' oh , fantastic ! we can f*** anything , however we like , whenever we like ' kind of attitude in that era . mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film , woman in gold , and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star ryan reynolds . indeed , the 38-year-old 's eyes were fixed on the 69-year-old 's decolletage as they posed for photos at their film 's berlin premiere . and the actor 's wife , blake lively , shared a snap of the flirty moment with her instagram fans - joking that she had reason to feel jealous . ' should i be concerned that my husband 's never looked at me this way ? ... ' the 27-year-old quipped in the photo 's caption on saturday . mirren , pictured in the mid 1970s , was speaking ahead of the release of her new film , woman in gold . in her instagram post she called the oscar-winning actress ' sexy ' and noted that her husband of two years took a gander at her cleavage , writing : ' # wherearethoseeyeswanderingreynolds # helenmirrenisthesexiestwomanalive # womaningold . ' speaking to people , mirren confessed that she was taken by reynold 's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama . ' you know , he makes a girl feel good , ' she explained . ' some guys do n't . they 're macho and attractive , but they make you feel awkward . ' ryan just makes you feel so great . he 's just so generous in his masculinity . he happens to be hunky and gorgeous and everything as well , but when you get a beautiful combination of the two ? he is wonderful . ' mirren confessed that she was taken by reynold 's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama . in woman in gold , their on-screen chemistry is apparent as well . it is a real-life story about a jewish refugee’s battle against the austrian government to reclaim a family painting stolen by nazis . the biopic chronicles the heir 's 60-year pursuit of gustav klimt 's painting the lady in gold - which now ranks as the fifth most expensive painting ever sold at $ 135 million . helen plays maria altmann , a woman who was forced to flee her home and life as a socialite in vienna amid world war ii . she enlists young lawyer randol schoenberg , played by ryan , to help her restore her family 's past . considered the mona lisa of austria , klimt 's 1907 the lady in gold painting is a portrait of altmann 's aunt adele bloch-bauer , a friend of the famed artist . katie holmes and daniel brühl also co-star in the movie , directed by my week with marilyn 's simon curtis .  