arsene wenger admits he did not expect arsenal’s late charge for the top of the barclays premier league to be powered by hector bellerin and francis coquelin . wenger had all but given up on coquelin when he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas and did not expect bellerin to progress with such speed after a year at watford . ‘ honestly , i couldn’t say that in my head coquelin was one of the first-choice players , ’ said the arsenal manager . ‘ but my job is to remain open-minded and make decisions when you have to . francis coquelin ( right ) has played a vital role in arsenal 's late push for the premier league title . ‘ bellerin is one of the surprises of the season . he was at watford on loan last year and didn’t get the games . he’s just 20 years old and you can look at what he does at 20 years of age . ’ spanish full-back bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against liverpool , on saturday , a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock and launch his team towards a 4-1 win . he was also responsible for keeping raheem sterling under control when daniel sturridge came off the bench at half-time and liverpool reshuffled . ‘ he played against a great player in sterling , ’ said wenger . ‘ i selected him because of his pace . i thought sturridge would play and sterling would be on the flank . and because of his low centre of gravity . sterling changes direction very quickly and hector is a short as well . hector bellerin celebrates scoring arsenal 's first goal during the 4-1 victory against liverpool . bellerin broke the emirates deadlock for arsenal , cutting in and curling a left-foot strike into the corner . arsene wenger admits he did n't expect bellerin and coquelin to be playing such key roles . ‘ maybe he still has some experience to gain but his defending one-against-one is good and going forward he is good . he scored an important goal in a big game and that always shows that the guy has the mental quality to be there . ’ the arsenal boss did admit bellerin might have been lucky not to be sent off , having been already booked when he mistimed a slide tackle on sterling and conceded a penalty , scored by jordan henderson . ‘ he was a bit lucky there , ' said wenger . ‘ he could have got one but i think he genuinely went for the ball . i was just thinking : what do i do if he gets a second yellow ? in the end the referee decided not to give him a yellow because he went for the ball . he was unlucky for the first yellow . ’ nacho monreal and oliver giroud are among the first to congratulate the unlikely opening goalscorer . wenger revealed had all but given up on coquelin when he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas . 