a teacher who was suspended for allowing her class to write ' get well soon ' letters to a convicted police killer claims the children wanted to send notes to him . marilyn zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her third grade class in orange , new jersey , to pen letters to murderer mumia abu-jamal , after he collapsed in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy . abu-jamal , 60 , is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 . marilyn zuniga apologised after she allowed her students to write to convicted police killer mumia abu-jamal after he became ill while serving a life sentence in prison , but said the students wanted to write to him . ms zuniga has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online , but said they had wanted to write to abu-jamal , according to philly.com . both her pupils and high school students in the philadelphia student union wrote to the killer . ms zuniga spoke at the orange school board after she was suspended from her position while officials investigate . she explained that she had previously asked her class to consider abu-jamal 's quote ' so long as one just person is silenced , there is no justice . ' she said when she told students the former black panther was ill , they had asked to write to him in prison . ms zuniga told the board she had made a mistake and was prepared to resign rather than be fired , to prevent damage to her career . mumia 's supporters say photos of the killer eleased this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is . third graders in orange , new jersey , and high school students in the philadelphia student union sent mumia abu-jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week . the letters caused many to criticize the actions of the teacher . richard costello , political coordinator for the philadelphia fraternal order of police , said the letters set a dangerous example . he previously told fox news : ' i think its both alarming and outrageous that any teacher would use a group of innocent seven-year-olds to promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder , glorifying hatred and glorifying violence , ' abu jamal was sentenced to life in prison after he shot mr faulkner in the back and then , once he was dead , in between the eyes . abu-jamal shot dead philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in 1981 , shooting him at first in the back . his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he 's the victim of a racist justice system . abu-jamal was originally sentenced to death for the killing , but this was overturned in 2012 . the official reason the convicted killer was hospitalized has not been released . however reports say he was suffering high blood sugar levels which may be linked to diabetes . the killer 's supporters include celebrities like whoopi goldberg , and many hail him as a revolutionary . johanna fernandez , a professor of history at baruch college who delivered the letters said they had made abu-jamal ' smile ' and ' chuckle . '