david cameron today accused the bbc of peddling ‘b*******’ after claiming his favourite sport was foxhunting . the tory leader hit back at presenter andrew marr , after being left baffled by questions during an interview on sunday . it came as mr cameron turned the clock back to ape john major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful , but ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘ the nhs is dying’ . david cameron today turned the clock back to ape john major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful . mr cameron promised at the weekend that he would ‘ take to the streets’ to defend the tory record and urge voters to reject both labour and ukip . he said he had ‘ upped the tempo’ to make the case that his economic plan is working . but he took time out from the campaign today to escalate his row with the bbc after appearing on the andrew marr show on sunday morning . marr claimed the pm recently told the countryside alliance magazine that his favourite sport was fox hunting . ‘ is that really true ? ’ he asked . mr cameron replied : ‘ no , i am a believer in…’ but marr interrupted again : ‘ you said it’s my favourite sport which i love . ’ again mr cameron insisted : ‘ no i love walking , i love fishing , i love all sorts of sports . ’ on the campaign trail in yorkshire , mr cameron hit back at the bbc for claiming he had said foxhunting is his favourite sport . the tory leader was heckled as he addressed party activists and workers from decorative panels during a campaign visit to calder valley . but in an article for the magazine , mr cameron actually said : ‘ i have always been a strong supporter of country sports . ‘ it is my firm belief that people should have the freedom to hunt , so i share the frustration that many people feel about the hunting act and the way it was brought in by the last government . ’ marr later admitted on twitter that he had made an error : ‘ honest mistake – i was wrong – sorry . cock up not conspiracy , but wrong on my part . ’ today mr cameron revealed how he thought it was wrong at the time of the interiview . he told the spectator : ‘ the old mental filing system , you’re going ‘drrrrrr’ through , and thinking… but i knew the article because i wrote it myself… i just thought maybe there’s something else . ‘ you never know , something might have been written by someone else . so i thought it was bollocks . and it was bollocks . ’ bbc presenter andrew marr has admitted he made a mistake on sunday , but insisted it was a ' cock up not conspiracy ' . he insisted foxhunting was not his favourite sport , adding : ‘ i am what i am . i’m a country boy , i like the countryside , i support country sports . ‘ but my favourite sport is tennis , for the avoidance of doubt . and i’m quite good at it . ’ mr cameron’s decision to use a soapbox came on the day sir john urged the party to explain how economic growth improves people’s lives . but all did not go according to plan , as the tory leader was was challenged by a heckler as he gave his stump speech at decorative panels in calder valley . the man , who appeared to be an employee of the firm , shouted : `` the nhs is dying ... not talking about that , are you ? '' colleagues seemed to urge him to be quiet , and the prime minister continued without further disruption . the man walked off back towards the offices immediately after the address without speaking to journalists .