arlette ricci ( above ) , the multi-millionaire owner of nina ricci , was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc . the multi-millionaire owner of the nina ricci fashion company was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc bank . arlette ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in europe , was ‘ particularly determined’ to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades . a judgement handed down by a paris criminal court added : ‘ the seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good . ’ ricci had denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million , saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it , which is not . however , bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter , margot vignat , suggested otherwise . according to the transcript , ms ricci boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet in an upmarket swiss ski resort . ‘ i was never troubled . so i bought a chalet in klosters , and now it’s fine . there was 2009 , 2010 , 2011 – it’s been three years so i think i’m free of any type of inspection , ’ ricci was heard to say . her daughter was heard warning her about the tax authorities , saying : ' watch out all the same . they 're vicious . ' but ricci reassured her , saying : ' everyone got done but not me . they had to give themselves in and pay a fortune . ' the daughter replied : ' oh , that could cause some damage ' . ricci , in turn , said : ' yes , of course , because all that is very illegal . ' in what will set a legal precedent for other cases of tax fraud through hsbc , ricci was also fined the equivalent of more than £700,000 . judges also ordered that houses in paris and on the holiday island of corsica worth more than £3m be seized . ricci was accused of transferring the deeds of the properties to family trusts in an attempt to restructure her assets , so as to evade penalties . she was given a total of three years in prison , with two years suspended . her daughter , 51 , was also convicted and given an eight-month suspended sentence . henri-nicolas fleurance , ricci’s tax adviser , was given a one-year suspended prison sentence and an £8000 fine for attempting to organise her insolvency . jean-marc fedida , one of the defence barristers , said ' justice was done under frenetic , brutal pressure ' , so as to use a high-profile defendant as a ' warning to all those ' with offshore accounts . but he conceded the sentence was ' much lighter ' that what the prosecution had asked for . ricci , who had faced a maximum prison sentence of 10 years , may ask if she can serve the prison term under less strict conditions , including wearing an electronic tag , her lawyers said . the multi-millionaire is the first french national to face trial over tax evasion in what has been dubbed a test case . her name was among thousands of hsbc clients who were discovered to have non-declared bank accounts in switzerland . whistleblower herve falciani , a former employee of the bank , passed a list with more than 3,000 names of suspected tax evaders to the french government around six years ago . a bbc panorama earlier this year further highlighted the issue . the swiss branch of hsbc is now facing charges of fraud and money laundering after authorities in brussels claimed it had ' knowingly eased and promoted fiscal fraud by making offshore companies available to certain privileged clients ' . while some of the cases were settled 50 other french nationals will also face trial . her name was among thousands of hsbc clients who were discovered to have non-declared bank accounts in switzerland . above , an aerial view of the hsbc tower in london . her lawyers always argued the fault lay with hsbc in switzerland , with one insisting in defence documents : ' she was in no way informed about how hsbc decided to structure the organisation of the funds she entrusted it with . ' they added that they were considering an appeal against sentence . ricci was the first of more than 50 high-profile french nationals being pursued in the courts for using swiss accounts to hide their money . the judgment came after hsbc holdings was formally placed under criminal investigation for complicity in fiscal fraud and illegal selling via its swiss arm for two years starting in 2006 . nina ricci – real name maria adelaide nielli – was an italian-born clothes designer who settled in france aged 12 in 1895 . she died in 1970 . her son robert , arlette ricci’s father , developed the company’s perfume sideline and raised the firm’s international profile . arlette ricci inherited his fortune on his death in 1988 .