traitor edward snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked – a move which put lives at risk from terrorists . in a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘evaluating’ the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency . the former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ‘f***-up’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda . scroll down for video . last week tonight host john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of ' harmful ' documents and asks him to explain why he did it . but in an outburst of arrogance , snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ‘fundamental’ price of liberty . the 31-year-old stunned the world in june 2013 – less than a month after the murder of lee rigby by islamic extremists – when he broke cover as the civilian cia worker who stole classified documents . he leaked information about attempts by spying agencies including gchq and the nsa to view citizens’ private information , claiming internet history , emails , text messages , calls and passwords were harvested . but security chiefs have warned that secret techniques , revealed by snowden’s leaks to the guardian newspaper , have made it easier for terrorists and organised criminals to avoid detection . last month , home secretary theresa may attacked the harm done by the traitor – now one of the world’s most wanted men . terror experts said lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations . they warned that extremists had altered their tactics after he leaked details from intelligence agencies – with fatal results . in sunday night’s interview with british tv host john oliver , for us channel hbo , snowden pointedly avoided saying he had read every document he handed over to journalists . at one point the british comedian asks snowden whether he had read all of the documents he sent to journalists . the whistleblower said he had an ' understanding ' of their content . he would only say : ‘i’ve evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive . ’ pressed , he added : ‘ i do understand what i turned over . ’ but he acknowledged ‘ recognising the concern’ over whether he knew enough about the contents of the files or the abilities of reporters to protect classified details . snowden admitted there had been a ‘f***-up’ with the way in which some of the information about the nsa and gchq , britain’s intelligence agency , had been released . last year , the new york times published a slide containing the name of the nsa employee who prepared it . the target of the surveillance was also identified as al qaeda in mosul , iraq . snowden said such details should have been removed and , in a feeble attempt to defend his actions , added : ‘ in journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made . this is a fundamental concept of liberty . ’ unconvinced , mr oliver replied : ‘you’re giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there … we’re not even talking about bad faith , we’re talking about incompetence . ’ oliver tries to get snowden to explain the leak in the context of nude pictures . the ex-cia systems administrator claims the government can see most of the pictures you share . it is one of the few occasions in which snowden has been put on the spot over his treachery as he normally speaks only to left-wing media who have published his leaks . lord west , a former first sea lord and security minister , said : ‘ since the revelations of the traitor snowden , terrorist groups have changed how they communicate and talk to each other . ‘ his actions have made us all less safe . no doubt people will die who would not have died had he not been so irresponsible . ’ robin simcox , of the henry jackson society security think-tank , said : ‘ this is exactly the danger that those who believe snowden’s actions were hugely irresponsible – and potentially fatal – warned of . ‘ this interview seemed to show how little snowden had thought about the potentially deadly consequences . snowden stole a huge amount of sensitive documents and as a result terrorists and other serious criminals have adapted their methods accordingly . ’ snowden handed an estimated 200,000 of the 1.7million stolen classified documents to journalists . in june 2013 , he told the guardian : ‘ i carefully evaluated every single document i disclosed to ensure that each was legitimately in the public interest . ’ this is a transcript of snowden’s interview : john oliver : how many of those documents have you actually read ? edward snowden : i’ve evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive . oliver : you’ve read every single one ? snowden : i do understand what i turned over . ' these things happen ' : edward snowden , above , during his television interview . oliver : there’s a difference between understanding what’s in the documents and reading what’s in the documents . snowden : i recognize the concern . oliver ( cuts in sarcastically ) : right , because when you’re handing over thousands of nsa documents , the last thing you want to do is read them . ( laughter ) . snowden : i think it’s fair to be concerned – did this person do enough , were they careful enough ? oliver ( cuts in ) : especially when you’re handling material like we know you’re handling . snowden : in my defence i’m not handling anything any more . that’s been passed to the journalists and they’re using extraordinary security measures to make sure this is being reported in the most responsible way . asking the questions : john oliver . oliver : but those are journalists with a lower technical skill set than you . snowden : that’s true but they do understand like you and i do just how important it is to get this right . oliver : the new york times took a slide , it didn’t redact it properly and in the end it was possible to see that something was being used in mosul on al qaeda . snowden : that is a problem . oliver : well , that’s a ****-up . snowden : it is a ****-up and these things do happen in reporting . in journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made . this is a fundamental concept of liberty . oliver : right , but you have to own that then . you’re giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there . snowden : yes , if people act in bad faith . oliver ( cuts in ) : we’re not even talking about bad faith , we’re talking about incompetence . snowden : we are , but you will never be completely free from risk if you’re free . the only time you can be free from risk is when you’re in prison . he added : ‘ there are all sorts of documents that would have made a big impact that i didn’t turn over , because harming people isn’t my goal . ’ a report by the henry jackson society last month revealed terror suspects were using human couriers instead of email and phones following the leaks by snowden . daily operations of british spies have been damaged , with islamic state seizing on the information – making it harder to track down its operatives . al qaeda militants are known to have changed communication methods to avoid detection , and have produced a video advising fellow extremists on the matter . gchq has lost track of some of britain’s most dangerous criminals because of the way snowden exposed its operations . officials had to stop monitoring drug gangs , paedophiles , human traffickers and money launderers . the agency has also been forced to tone down or abandon surveillance amid fears the tactics are too easy to spot and could force criminals to fall off the radar . mrs may told the commons home affairs committee that the leaks ‘ did cause damage’ , adding : ‘ it has had an impact on the ability of our agencies to do the work they need to do . ’ snowden , who was a computer specialist at an intelligence centre in hawaii , tricked colleagues into handing over passwords so he could copy files in one of the biggest leaks in us history . he claims he had to act because the us government’s policies were a ‘ threat to democracy’ . he fled to hong kong , then russia , where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location . a guardian spokesman said the newspaper had ‘ nothing to add’ in response to snowden saying he had ‘evaluated’ the documents and whether this had put people at risk . how the guardian changed headline to protect its favourite ' whistleblower ' . the left-wing guardian newspaper climbed into bed with edward snowden when he leaked the top-secret intelligence documents , publishing a string of damaging stories . and yesterday it was still giving the so-called whistleblower an easy ride when reporting on his clash with tv host john oliver on his us show last week tonight . the initial story on the guardian website focused on the sensational revelation that snowden had apparently not read all the documents . the headline stated : ‘ edward snowden tells john oliver he did not read all leaked nsa material . ’ it added : ‘ the whistleblower admits his actions carried dangers . ’ but within hours it had toned down the headline so it focused less on his irresponsibility and incompetence . it was changed to : ‘ john oliver presses edward snowden on whether he read all leaked nsa material . ’ the sub-heading was amended , to the softer : ‘ hbo host posts uncomfortable questions to nsa whistleblower in interview in moscow . ’ a guardian spokesman said the headline was changed because ‘ an earlier version stated that edward snowden admitted he had not read all the nsa documents he leaked . in fact he did not answer that question’ . the first guardian website story ... ... ... .and the later toned down version . 