a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show . colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing . a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show . manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . model manuela arbelaez , left , ca n't hid her embarassment as contestant andrea , right , celebrates her win . as the presenters realized what had happened , andrea shouted out ' i win ! ' big-hearted host carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ' congratulations ! manuela just gave you a car ! the game is over , folks . ' while andrea jumps for joy , poor manuela , 26 did n't know where to hid and she was eventually consoled by both carey and the delighted contestant . arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment at the heart-warming tv moment . ' i do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when i do is a $ 21,960 car , ' she tweeted , along with a clip from the show of her looking sheepish . she also tweeted that the producers on the show and carey could n't have been more supportive and understanding . ' i 'm not in trouble : ) phew ! , ' she wrote . arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on the price is right in april , 2009 . manuela was eventually consoled by both host drew carey and delighted contestant andrea . arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment . ' i do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when i do is a $ 21,960 car , ' she tweeted . arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on the price is right in april , 2009 . 