dapper laughs , the controversial persona previously ' killed off ' by disgraced comedian daniel o'reilly , has arrived down under – chatting up air hostesses and mocking airport cleaners along the way . the british star , who came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was ' gagging for a rape ' , documented his journey to sydney , via doha and melbourne , in a video posted online . dapper laughs sprang to fame on video network vine where he joked about how women couldn’t resist him and despite his jibes being branded ‘sexist’ his latest video shows he hasn’t changed tact . scroll down for video . daniel o'reilly filmed his journey to sydney , referring to the air stewardesses ( right ) as ' sweethearts ' , while in character as his laddish alter-ego dapper laughs . dapper laughs documented his journey to sydney , via doha and melbourne , in various social media posts . in a snapchat video filmed at doha airport and posted on his facebook page he chatted up two female air stewardesses , saying : ‘ ooh we 've got some sweethearts there . “ hi there , ” she knows . ' referring to a woman at the check in desk , he said : ' thank god she let me through . man , she almost did n't let me she said the bad boy in my pants was too big to be concealed as hand luggage . i did n't even have a f***ing boner . ’ o’reilly’s tv show dapper laughs : on the pull was cancelled by itv last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed . uk tv watchdog ofcom launched an investigation into his show which promoted dubious dating 'advice’ to men including : ‘ remember , it’s only sexual harassment if she’s more attractive than you’ . after arriving in sydney , dapper laughs joined backpackers at a bar and joked that one offered him ' head ' . dapper laughs sprang to fame on video network vine where he joked about how women couldn’t resist him . o’reilly , seen here at the avengers premiere in sydney , resurrected his ‘ ultimate lad’ character on christmas day . and around 44 comedians signed an open letter condemning o'reilly for his ' sexist and degrading ' comedy . on bbc2 current affairs show newsnight in november , o’reilly declared ' dapper laughs is gone ' . and he admitted he had allowed himself to get ' carried away ' with his own success after finding fame on social media . ' it 's completely ruined everything that 's going on with me as a comedian . the bad press and everything that 's happened - it 's wrecked my life to a certain extent , ' he said . however , o’reilly resurrected his ‘ ultimate lad’ character on christmas day with the ominous message that his work ' is n't finished ' yet . and last month he unveiled a pilot for a new tv sitcom idea on his youtube channel . o’reilly’s tv show dapper laughs : on the pull was cancelled by itv last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed . around 44 comedians signed an open letter condemning o'reilly for his ' sexist and degrading ' comedy . in the video about his journey to australia he joked of the cleaners wearing masks in the airport : ' i 'm here in doha , all the guys look like michael jackson . ’ he then asked two security guards : ' know where there 's a bar ? have a few beers get some pus . ’ ‘ there are some americans here , the one in the blue top she 's a sweetheart you know how they like everything bigger here , ’ he commented while waiting for his transfer flight . and after touching down in sydney , dapper laughs headed to backpacker bar scary canary where he posed with a dozen drinkers , writing on twitter : ‘ said i 'd tweet this for the backpackers in @ scarycanarybar especially the 1 that offerd me head , sorry i had to shoot [ sic ] . ’ daily mail australia has contacted daniel o'reilly for comment . o'reilly admitted on bbc newsnight that he had allowed himself to get ' carried away ' with his own success after finding fame on social media . 