a respected philadelphia law professor who made national headlines after accidentally emailing her students a porn link has spoken out about how she 's reclaiming her dignity since the public scandal . lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ' great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 . mcelroy said she was ' mortified ' and ' in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for the washington post . respected drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy , 50 , who made national headlines last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link , has spoken out about reclaiming her dignity since the scandal . the legal writing professor , who earned a doctorate from harvard law school , writes that she was sure she had lost her ' dignity forever ' when news of the scandal first broke . ' everyone was talking about me , ' she said . ' everyone was speculating about whether i watched porn , or used sex toys , or liked kinky sex . some people were calling for my job and law license . ' the professor said she would not divulge in her column how the mistake happened . ' if you 're hoping to find out here how that happened , among the many possibilities that have been raised by gleeful commentators , i’m sorry to tell you you’re going to be disappointed . ' but mcelroy did explain her concern that , with a profession where she teaches ' students to project a dignified image ' and ' possess integrity ' , people would no longer believe the teacher could follow her own lessons . drexel conducted an internal investigation after the incident and found that mcelroy , a tenured professor , had not violated the the university 's sexual harassment and misconduct policy . the university said in a statement that federal law requires it investigate all reports of ' inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature ' . the professor defends drexel 's decision to investigate the matter . she wrote that critics of the university were ' dismissing the dignity of the law ' and ' giving no consideration to an atmosphere in which the law exists to protect people and an investigation may be necessary ' . but mcelroy said she wondered why no one thought to question the ' dignity of those who forwarded the unintended post ' . ' no one asked why , if they found it so offensive , students opened the link , with its unmistakable web address , and watched the video long enough to know what it contained , ' she said . in fact , mcelroy writes , there was n't anything newsworthy about the mistake she calls ' pretty trivial ' at all . ' my students are adults . the link was quickly removed . there was nothing illegal in the video ... yet , because it was porn and i 'm a law professor , news organizations spread the story around the world . ' mcelroy said she was ' mortified ' and ' in terrible shape ' when she found out she sent her students an explicit link under the subject line ' great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 . mcelroy also questions both the dignity of the ' tabloid journalists ' , who called her cellphone number and waited outside her office to interview students , and the ' intended audience ' they knew would want to read the story in the first place . readers , she said , ' enjoyed the scandal ( where is olivia pope when you need her ? ) , the thrill of the sexual and the salacious , the speculation ' . ' gossip was natural . ' the professor said the incident made her wonder what the definition of dignity - and who holds the power to decide it - really was . ' is it the degraded person who lacks dignity ? or the person who seeks to degrade her ? ' she asks . ' if a person is portrayed as less than dignified , does that mean she is ? who has the power to decide ? ' but mcelroy said that , almost a month later , she has found the power to decide at least what her own personal definition of dignity is - realizing that it 's something she can get back . ' you can reimagine yourself , and your reputation , and your professional image , ' she writes . ' you can come to realize that there are worse things than humiliation . there is cancer . there is isolation . and there is the willingness — even the desire — to bring others down to lift yourself up . ' you can go back . ' drexel conducted an internal investigation after the incident and found that mcelroy , a tenured professor , had not violated the the university 's sexual harassment and misconduct policy .