sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at st andrews in july . three-time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course , having also lifted the claret jug at muirfield in 1987 and 1992 . faldo , whose 58th birthday falls on the saturday of the championship , said : ' the open and st andrews will forever hold a significant place in my heart . my fondest moments on my journey with this great sport are woven with pictures and emotions in this setting . it all means a huge amount to me . sir nick faldo ( left ) and tom watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july . watson will walk across the swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory there . ' i look forward to celebrating all that golf has given me as i cross that storied bridge and the wonderful memories i share with many people . i am grateful for it all and grateful to golf . ' r & a chief executive peter dawson added : ' sir nick faldo is an inspirational figure in british golf and has enjoyed a remarkable career in the open . ' he has delighted the galleries over many years with his three victories and consistently outstanding performances . i 'm sure there will be great anticipation among the galleries at st andrews to see him play in the open once again and he will receive a rousing ovation worthy of a great champion . ' five-time open champion watson , who lost a play-off at turnberry in 2009 at the age of 59 , received a special exemption from the r & a to play his final open in 2015 , the 40th anniversary of his first victory at carnoustie . he and faldo will be joined by the likes of tiger woods , rory mcilroy and phil mickelson in the champion golfers ' challenge on wednesday , july 15 , a four-hole team event played on the first , second , 17th and 18th on the eve of the championship . almost 10,000 spectators will be able to watch from seats on the first , 17th and 18th , with a two-tiered grandstand created behind the 18th green for the first time and an l-shaped arena behind the 17th green , as well as the traditional seats to the right of the first . the grandstand behind the famous road hole will have a capacity of more than 4,000 , with a total of 21,000 seats around the entire course . johnnie cole-hamilton , executive director of championships at the r & a , said : ' there is always an incredible atmosphere at the open and particularly when it is held in st andrews . we want to make sure as many spectators as possible can experience that unique atmosphere and enjoy wonderful views of the play on the opening and closing holes at st andrews . r & a chief executive peter dawson paid tribute to the achievements of faldo during his career . tom watson ( right ) poses with the claret jug alongside runner-up in 1975 , jack newton ( left ) . rory mcilroy is the current holder of the claret jug and will defend the title at st andrews this year . ' the new arena will provide a fantastic setting for the climax of the championship at the 72nd hole and will be the ideal place for spectators to greet the new champion golfer of the year . ' several cameras have been implanted into bunkers on the course , with another ' turf camera ' giving views of the r & a clubhouse from in front of the first tee . the r & a has also invested £150,000 in subsidising food and drink prices , meaning the price of fish and chips , for example , is down from £10.50 to £8.50 .