troubled footballer clarke carlisle has revealed he has split from his wife as he continues to battle with depression following his failed suicide attempt . the former premier league defender said he had ' moved out of the marital home ' in yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years , gemma . mr carlisle tried to kill himself in december , two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving . scroll down for video . split : clarke carlisle says he has ' moved out of the marital home ' in yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years , gemma . the pair are pictured together in 2013 . the 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york in december , suffering cuts , bruises , internal bleeding , a broken rib and a shattered left knee . the incident has left the ex-burnley defender with scars all over his body . on television this week mr carlisle , who has publicly struggled with depression , revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a ' constant reminder ' of his good fortune in surviving . now mr carlisle , who played 131 times for the clarets between 2007 and 2012 , said the accident had led to him moving out of the house he shared with wife gemma . the sportsman , dubbed ' britain 's brainiest footballer ' after he appeared on countdown in 2002 , told talksport radio on a special monday night show : ' at this point , gemma and i have separated . ' i have moved out of the marital home because i have to focus on my well-being and equally as much gemma has to do the same . ' she has to deal with her experiences and the effect that has had on her . ' mr carlisle appeared on good morning britain this week and revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a ' constant reminder ' of his good fortune in surviving . asked about how his wife gemma has taken it , he added : ' every day has been incredibly tough and different . ' when you have been with someone for 14 years but masking things and thoughts from her , it was because i was a people-pleaser . ' i 've desperately wanted to say what i know will make her happy and do the things that i think she wants me to do - instead of being myself . ' earlier this week mr carlisle apologised to the driver of the lorry which he jumped in front of in an attempt to kill himself . the former footballer said that he prays for the driver , darren pease , every day - but added that he has been unable to apologise in person because the haulier refuses to meet him . star : mr carlisle pictured playing for burnley against aston villa in 2010 , at the peak of his footballing career . appearing on itv 's good morning britain on tuesday , mr carlisle said he was ' so sorry ' for putting mr pease through the ordeal of being involved in a near-fatal crash . speaking earlier this month , mr pease , 53 , said that he might never be able to drive a lorry again after hitting mr carlisle . mr carlisle played for nine different clubs in his 16-year career , including five years at burnley , and served as chairman of the professional footballers ' association . last week , he pleaded guilty to failing to provide a sample when he was stopped by police in december as his car was swerving around the road . he will be sentenced in may . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .