an exotic bird in brazil was recorded making incredible sounds that wouldn’t be out of place on a video game . the curl-crested jay , which resides at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre , is native to south america and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds . with the ever-growing presence of human’s in their natural habitats , the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song . videoed behind a fence , the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound . following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a space invaders style tune emerges from it . discussing the video , companion parrot behavioural expert greg glendell spoke with mailonline about the various theories regarding the function of these sounds . the curl-crested jay is native to south america and resides at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre . ‘ several groups of birds have a lifelong ability to learn to reproduce new sounds ; notably parrots , starlings and crows , ’ said mr glendell . the particular jay belongs to the crow/corvidae family . ‘ some birds may use them to impress a mate or their peers within their flock , ’ he added . ‘ most birds using mimicry are highly social species , with a complex vocal repertoire , which includes innate calls and learnt calls . the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song . ‘ as social species they use their calls as language . there are often regional dialects within bird groups . so the same species shows differences in its calls across its range . ’ mr glendell also noted that sometimes captive birds confined to cages use their ability to mimic to relieve their boredom and ensure responses from their owners . the original video was uploaded to youtube account : swiatoczamigoski by a polish-based blogger who has spent some time volunteering at the brazilian breeding centre . videoed behind a fence , the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound .