ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren – then hit out at the state of pitches in scotland . a james forrest strike and stefan johansen’s penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen . but although pleased with the way his side stayed patient to win , deila felt their cause wasn’t helped by the state of the paisley surface . and he believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there isn’t a drastic improvement in our pitches . celtic manager ronny deila was impressed with his side 's performance against st mirren on friday night . ‘ it was a tough game , st mirren were well organised and played very deep , ’ he said . ‘ they fought really hard and it was difficult to break them down . we had to be patient . the pitch was better than some others we’ve played on . but the pitches in scotland are terrible . ‘ if you want to develop players and get passing football , it’s difficult when the ball is bouncing all the time . it’s much easier for the other teams to just sit behind the ball and try to break down our play . ‘it’s better to play on an artificial surface than this . if they are watering artificial pitches and they are of the best quality , it’s totally different and much closer to european standards . james forrest slides on his knees to celebrate scoring celtic 's opening goal against st mirren . ‘ if we are going to develop good young players , you need a good surface to play and train on . if not , you get fighters . if you want skills and technique , play on better surfaces . ‘ they are much better in norway . sixty per cent are artificial and the grass pitches are better as well because they don’t train there and there aren’t other teams playing on them . and we play in the summer . that’s the biggest thing . the pitch here might not look so bad but try to play on it . ’ tv pictures showed leigh griffiths eating a chocolate biscuit while sitting on the bench . but deila , a strong advocate of fitness and conditioning , laughed it off . ‘ i think it was a carbo biscuit which is totally different ! i’ll have to check his weight tomorrow . ’ celtic midfielder stefan johansen slots home from the penalty spot to secure his side 's 2-0 victory . goalscorer johansen believes there’s no stopping celtic as they close in on a treble . ‘ it looks great for us now , ’ he said . ‘ i don’t think we’re unbeatable but there is a huge confidence in the team . ‘ we are starting to look fitter and have much more of the ball because we’re playing with a higher tempo . that’s the way the manager wants us to play . i said in the beginning when people were asking questions i was confident he would be a great and it’s starting to look that way . ’ saints boss gary teale felt there were positives in defeat but wasn’t happy about the handball awarded against viktor genev for celtic’s penalty . ‘ was it ball to hand or hand to ball ? if they’re going to give penalties for things like that they need to give all of them in every single game . ’ deila berated the state of pitches in scotland and claimed it would be better to play on artificial surfaces .