a washington woman was arrested after allegedly striking a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt . the scent of marsha yumi perry , 36 , was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog on friday , who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in , according to police . after officer kyle day , who could not see her , warned he was about to unleash the dog , ' the ground moved , and she sat up , ' washougal sgt . geoff reijonen told oregon live . police said the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows , and he was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in vancouver . marsha yumi perry ( above ) , 36 , was arrested on friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after she allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her car . following the incident , perry was taken into custody on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant , and was taken to clark county jail . on friday , authorities were called after the boy rode a tricycle out of a driveway when he was hit by a car around 6pm . witnesses told police perry tried to drive off but when she was unable to she got out of her ford pickup truck and walked toward washougal river road , according to oregon live . police dog , ranger , was able to track her scent near the shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself before the dog was unleashed , reijonen said . authorities said at the time of the incident , perry had a misdemeanor warrant out for her arrest . previously , she was arrested in oregon in november 2014 on accusations of identity theft , being in possession of methamphetamine and providing false information to police , according to oregon live . the case is still pending and she pleaded not guilty . following friday 's incident , police do not believe drugs or alcohol were involved and the investigation is ongoing . following the incident , police said perry hid herself from officers in a shallow hole and was found by a police dog who tracked her scent through a field south of the 1800 block of woodburn road ( above ) .