an oxford college and a retired architect are embroiled in an absurd row over a stretch of scrubby bushes which are quickly becoming ' the most expensive hedge in warwickshire ' . in a court case likely to cost £150,000 , st john 's college and a 74-year-old businessman have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in warwickshire . the bizarre dispute began when anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge , which marks the boundary between his home and the college 's land . hedge row : anthony bethell and st john 's college , oxford are embroiled in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes , with a court case likely to cost £150,000 . the bizarre dispute began when anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge , which marks the boundary between his home and the college 's land . before starting the work , mr bethell thought it best to consult with the college - which is one of the largest landowners in the country - on where exactly he should replant the hedge , so to avoid any costly complications further down the line . but he claims st john 's has refused to agree with him on the matter and says he has been forced to take the college to court , the sunday telegraph reported . the hedge , which dates back to 1686 , divides mr bethell 's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland owned by the college . mr bethell said : ' as it stands this ancient hedge is in a poor state of repair and is an eyesore . i 'm more than happy to pay for the work to restore the hedge and improve and safeguard the rural environment around me , but i need st john 's to agree the boundary line – and they just wo n't sit down and discuss the issue face to face . they 've ignored all my approaches and left me with no choice but to go to court . ' i want to do this properly . if i went ahead and did the work without establishing where precisely the boundary lies i could end up creating all sort of problems which would see the college coming after me in future . ' a crown court judge said the bushes were quickly becoming ' the most expensive hedge in warwickshire ' . mr bethell claims st john 's college ( pictured ) has refused to agree with him on the matter and says he has been forced to take the college to court . the retired businessman , who lives with his wife eileen , 75 , commissioned a report on the scrubby bushes , with experts recommending repairing the ' neglected , sparse ' hedge . the report stated that fixing the hedgerow would encourage birds to nest , as well as providing habitats for other wildlife . both mr bethell and st john 's college have spent £80,000 in legal fees in total , with the cost of a full trial likely to set the parties back £150,000 . the huge sum led the judge overseeing the pre-trial hearing at coventry crown court to suggest the bushes are quickly becoming ' the most expensive hedge in warwickshire ' . he reportedly said that both sides may as well ' pile up £30,000 each in a field and light a huge bonfire ' . expensive : both mr bethell and st john 's college have spent £80,000 in legal fees in total so far . mr bethell , who runs a charitable foundation for deprived children , is wary of the spiralling cost of the case , adding that the college could use the money to fund places for students . ' we could all save ourselves a lot of time if they would just sit down and talk about this simple matter of the boundary , ' he said . the hedge is believed to have been planted in 1686 to divide two estates , which merged almost a century later when st john 's bought the land . the college now owns more than 9,000 acres of land in england . professor andrew parker , the bursar of st john 's college , oxford , said : ' the legal action and court proceedings have been initiated by mr bethell . ' despite attempts to settle the matter by meetings between professional advisers and by mediation , the college regrets that it is necessary to have the matter resolved by the courts . ' 