as jeremy clarkson continues to battle to save his career after being sacked form top gear , his estranged wife has been enjoying a family break in the caribbean . frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed on a beach in barbados . the 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit , which was covered in a black palm tree print . scroll down for video . frances clarkson showed of her holiday tan in a white bikini during a dip in the sea on her barbados holiday today . frances appeared to be deep in thought as she paddled around in the clear blue waters , where she had been jet skiing two days beforehand . she accessorised with a help for heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip . frances has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster - they headed to the island together after he was first pictured with his reported girlfriend phillipa sage . but frances and jeremy , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years . the 53 year old appeared deep in conversation as she headed across the beach to take a dip . frances accessorised her look with a help for heroes wristband . the bbc announced last month they were dropping clarkson from the hit motoring show after a ' fracas ' involving a top gear producer . clarkson left oisin tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire , after staff would n't serve him a hot meal following a day of filming . he has repeatedly apologised to mr tymon both in public and privately and it was announced today that he will not face any criminal charges for the attack . holiday : frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter bank holiday weekend with family and friends in barbados . rushing to his side to comfort him throughout the ordeal has been events organiser phillipa sage , 45 , who became a feature in his life in 2010 when he was still in a relationship with frances . it was claimed last year that his marriage had been under strain after reports he had engaged in extra-martial affairs . last summer he told the mailonline 's piers morgan he was ' going through a difficult divorce ' . in april 2011 clarkson was accused of having an affair with miss sage while touring australia , south africa and norway with his top gear co-presenters richard hammond and james may . sunshine : frances was spotted in a black bikini as she drove a jet ski and caught some rays in the sun . relax : the 53-year-old has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband jeremy clarkson . he was alleged to have spent several nights with miss sage and kissed her on the lips in full view of observers on one occasion . clarkson shrugged off the claims at the time , saying that he and miss sage had been simply ' colleagues fooling around ' . but shortly afterwards it was revealed that he was spending time during the week living in a bachelor pad in london . he denied that he had moved out of the family home in chipping norton , oxfordshire , saying he used the london flat when he was editing top gear . clarkson was photographed kissing miss sage while on holiday with her in greece in 2013 , and they also visited australia again . in october 2011 clarkson lifted a high court gagging order preventing his first wife , alex hall , from claiming that he had had an affair with her after he married frances . split : frances has two daughters and a son with the 54-year-old broadcaster , but the pair are said to have been living apart for years . distant : the bbc announced last month they were dropping her estranged husband from the hit motoring show after a ' fracas ' involving a top gear producer . break : frances walks along the beach with an unidentified man during the easter holiday to the caribbean . mrs hall , who married him in 1989 but separated from him after less than two years , alleged that they rekindled their relationship from 1999 onwards – something he denied . clarkson married frances in 1993 and she encouraged him to cultivate a more aggressive on-screen persona to make top gear more controversial , say friends . in recent years he has been caught up in other controversies , including being accused of racism after he called an asian man a ' slope ' when he joked about the construction of a bridge in thailand during an episode of top gear . estranged : jeremy and frances clarkson married in 1993 but the pair have not lived together for years . friends claim that it was frances who pushed him to cultivate a more aggressive on-screen persona . in april 2011 clarkson was accused of having an affair with phillipa sage ( pictured kissing ) while touring australia , south africa and norway with his top gear co-presenters richard hammond and james may . there was outcry when clarkson used the word , a derogatory term for people of asian descent , during the show 's two-part burma special , screened in march last year . in 2013 he came under fire after he allegedly used the n-word in leaked footage while reciting the rhyme ' eeny , meeny , miny , mo ' before apparently muttering ' catch a n***** by his toe ' . but he escaped disciplinary action by the bbc with the complaints and appeals board agreeing that the ' incident did not engage editorial standards as the material had not been broadcast ' .