a new study has shown women still have an increased risk of breast cancer years after stopping taking hormone replacement therapy . hormone replacement therapy increases a woman 's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment , scientists have warned . the new findings come from experts who conducted one of the world 's largest studies into the effects of hrt - used to ease the effects of menopause . the women 's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk have both revealed strong evidence that hrt increases a woman 's risk of breast , womb and ovarian cancers . the million women study , a collaboration between cancer research uk and the nhs , results suggested that women who are using combined hrt have double the risk of breast cancer compared to non-users . and researchers found if women use hrt for more than 10 years , their risks are even higher . now scientists involved in the women 's health initiative study have warned , after further follow-ups , that women who take the combined oestrogen and progesterone hrt therapy continue to have a high risk of breast cancer , up to eight years after they stop treatment . after going through the menopause a woman 's ovaries stop producing the hormone oestrogen . it triggers menopausal symptoms including hot flashes and mood swings . hrt treats the body by introducing female sex hormones . there are three types , oestrogen-only hrt , cyclical hrt - where oestrogen is taken continuously but progesterone is given either monthly or every three months - and continuous combined hrt , where both female sex hormones are taken at the same time . in the early 1990s , some smaller studies suggested the therapy would reduce a woman 's risk of coronary heart disease and osteoporosis . to examine whether that was the case , the women 's health initiative in the us was tasked with investigating . they enrolled more than 26,000 women aged 50 to 79 in the study . meanwhile , in the uk another key study , the million women study , explored the effects of hrt on women aged 50 or over . both concluded that women prescribed hrt were at a higher risk of breast cancer , than those not receiving the treatment . whi researchers had intended to follow the women up until 2005 , but in 2002 it became clear women taking hrt were suffering higher rates of heart disease . those women who took the combined hrt , which boosts the body 's levels of both female sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone , have an increased risk of breast cancer up to eight years after treatment . they discovered it was the women taking either the combination hrt or those taking oestrogen-only treatment that were going on to suffer heart problems . as a result , all women were asked to stop taking their treatment - hrt or placebo - immediately . after the reported increased risk in breast cancer for women taking combined hrt , use of the therapy dropped dramatically . the new study , led by dr rowan chlebowski , an oncologist at los angeles biomedical research institute , and one of the initial investigators on whi , focused on a woman 's risk of breast cancer after stopping hrt treatment . he told time : ' it looks like hormones have longer term lingering effects . ' for oestrogen and progesterone together , we see an increase in risk - even years after you stop . ' but for oestrogen alone , it looks like the hormone may be more favourable in reducing breast cancer risk than we thought before . ' the oestrogen alone findings are now quite compelling that we may have to call it risk reduction . ' in total , researchers examined 27,347 women aged 50 to 79 years old , who had been through the menopause . they had all taken part in two previous whi studies , having enrolled at 40 centres across the us from 1993 to 1998 . the women 's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk are the two largest studies into the effects of hrt . both found strong evidence the treatment increases a woman 's risk of breast cancer , pictured , with the latter finding it doubled a woman 's risk . in the first two years , after stopping hrt treatment , researchers noted a sharp decrease in breast cancer risk in those women who had taken both oestrogen and progesterone . but the study authors noted : ' subsequently , breast cancer risk increased throughout the intervention phase and became statistically significant . ' even up to five-and-a-half years later , breast cancer risk remained high . in addition , the researchers note that at an eight-year follow-up a ' risk reduction was not observed ' . but for those women taking oestrogen only treatment , the risk for invasive breast cancer fell . however , despite the findings , dr chlebowski urged caution . he said while the results do show a higher than normal risk of breast cancer years after stopping hrt , it is only ' a little more risk than we thought with oestrogen and progesterone ' . ' but it 's always difficult to figure out how to categorise that risk , ' he added . ' it 's different for each woman . '  