gordon robson , 26 , killed grandfather john potts , 45 , with a single punch to the back of the head that was so hard it made an ' audible crack ' . a thug who was drunk after his grandfather 's funeral killed a devoted father with a single punch after he stepped in to break up a fight outside a sports bar . newcastle crown court heard that gordon robson , 26 , hit father john potts , 45 , in the back of the head so hard there was an ' audible crack ' before he fell down dead . robson , who has a history of violent offending , was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack outside the ne38 sports bar in washington , tyne and wear , in november last year . the court was told that robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather 's funeral before getting into an argument with a friend of mr potts . fighting broke out after the bar closed , and mr potts , a father-of-six and grandfather-of-one who was described by his sister as ' a big softie ' , stepped in to stop it . prosecutor nick dry told the court : ' at this point the defendant punched mr potts , who had been trying to calm matters down and was actually facing the other way when the blow was struck . ' the punch made a loud crack , witnesses turned to see him falling to the ground , making no attempt to break his fall . ' the court heard despite intervention from the emergency services , mr potts could not be saved . mr dry added : ' mr potts had been minding his own business . he was an innocent bystander who sought only to calm the situation down . ' mr potts ' widow sarah said his death had a ' devastating impact ' on the family . she said mr potts ' stepchildren and eight-year-old daughter , emma , now fear their family wo n't come back whenever they leave the house . mr dry added : ' she said he was a father who never judged her , he was just her dad and hero . ' mr potts ' sisters said in their statements the ' life and soul has been ripped from their family ' and described their brother as a ' big softie ' . mr potts ' brother george said he wakes every sunday at 5.30am , the time he was informed of his siblings death , and feels life has been changed forever . robson had been drinking at the ne38 sports bar in washington , tyne and wear , after his grandfather 's funeral when fighting broke out . mr potts , described as a ' big softie ' , was killed when he tried to intervene . judge paul sloan qc jailed robson , of waskerley way , washington , tyne and wear , who admitted manslaughter , to three-and-a-half years behind bars . the judge told robson : ' mr potts was trying to calm the situation . he was acting as a peacemaker . ' it is clear mr potts was a devoted father and step-father . it is also clear his death has had a profound effect upon his family . ' no sentence imposed upon you could ever serve to ease the pain of mr potts ' family . ' i accept you are genuinely remorseful and i accept you will carry the guilt with you for the rest of your life for what you did that night . ' robson accepted he ' misinterpreted ' mr robson 's actions that night , when his already emotional state had been heightened by alcohol , and realises now he should not have hit him . bob spragg , defending , said robson , who has a history of violent offending dating back to when he was just 14 , had turned his life around after his last prison sentence . he added that robson had also found himself a partner who is about to give birth . mr spragg said : ' absolutely no blame attaches to mr potts for anything that happened to him . ' once the defendant has served his sentence he will return to being a law abiding citizen but will have to live with what he has done for the rest of his life . '