during its 25 years in space , hubble has provided the world with unprecedented views of the universe . but to help it find alien life , nasa needs an even more powerful tool to peer back into the depths of our cosmos . the agency hopes to do this with the james webb space telescope , which will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . pictured are nasa scientists completing a series of cryogenic tests on six james webb space telescope beryllium mirror segments . nasa describes the telescope as a ' powerful time machine with infrared vision that will peer back over 13.5 billion years to see the first stars and galaxies forming out of the darkness of the early universe . ' the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $ 8.8 billion , far higher than the initial estimate of $ 3.5 bn ( £2.33 bn ) . but nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its october 2018 launch . ' what the webb will really be doing is looking at the first galaxies of the universe , ' webb telescope observatory project scientist mark clampin . ' we will also be able , with these capabilities , to look in very dark parts of the universe where stars are being born . ' nasa describes the telescope as a ' powerful time machine with infrared vision that will peer back over 13.5 billion years to see the first stars and galaxies forming out of the darkness of the early universe ' . the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . pictured is an artist 's impression . the space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons . jwst 's main mirror will be 21ft ( 6.5 metres ) in diameter , three times as large as hubble 's . inside a massive room that is partially closed off from view , in clean room where no dust can harm the telescope , a team of engineers dressed in white , resembling surgeons , work on building the jwst . the space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons . jwst 's main mirror will be 21ft ( 6.5 metres ) in diameter , three times as large as hubble 's . there at least 200 billion earth-like planets in our galaxy – and now nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . during a talk in washington earlier this month , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , said . ' we know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' jeffery newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ' it 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ' we are not talking about little green men , ' said stofan . ' we are talking about little microbes . ' the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places . jim green , director of planetary science at nasa , noted that a recent study of the martian atmosphere found 50 per cent of the planet 's northern hemisphere once had oceans a mile deep . a joint project of nasa , the european and canadian space agencies , jwst will carry four instruments , including cameras and spectrometers that can capture extremely faint signals . infra-red capability will help it observe distant celestial bodies , and its camera shutter will be able to remain open for long periods , explained matt greenhouse , jwst project scientist for the science instrument payload . ' the webb will have 70 times the light-gathering capacity of hubble . so the combination of the large size and the infra-red capabilities will allow us to observe this epic of the universe past , ' he said in an interview . even more , the telescope should further the search for life elsewhere in the universe by opening a new window on planets outside the solar system that might have water . already , nasa 's kepler space telescope , launched in 2009 , has helped astronomers identify thousands of exoplanets . jwst is expected to propel that research even further . ' webb is quite big enough to have a high probability of finding bio signatures in the atmosphere of exoplanets , evidence of life , ' greenhouse said . ' we have sensors on board , equipment on board that will enable us to study the atmosphere of exoplanets spectroscopically . so we will be able to understand the composition of those atmospheres , ' he added . ' we can make big progress in the search for life . ' unlike the hubble space telescope , which circles the earth , the jwst will go even further , to a place called l2 , for lagrange point , 930,000 miles ( 1.5 million km ) away in space . that distance will keep the telescope cold , prevent it from being blinded by its own infra-red light and shelter it from radiation . ' it will follow the earth around the sun over the course of the year . so it 's in a sun center orbit instead of an earth center orbit , ' said greenhouse . the heavy telescope is scheduled to launch atop an ariane 5 rocket , made by the european space agency , from french guiana in october 2018 . ' just as hubble rewrote all the textbooks , webb will rewrite it again , ' said greenhouse . unlike the hubble space telescope , which circles the earth , the jwst will go even further , to a place called l2 , for lagrange point , 930,000 miles ( 1.5 million km ) away in space . the distance will keep the telescope cold , prevent it from being blinded by its own infra-red light and shelter it from radiation . the heavy telescope , pictured here during testing , is scheduled to launch atop an ariane 5 rocket , made by the european space agency , from french guiana in october 2018 .