standing isolated surrounded by the vast , golden north saudi arabian desert is a bizarre single rock castle , which has been lying undisturbed for centuries . qasr al-farid or ' the lonely castle ' has a sad tale , standing incomplete and abandoned , looking out of place in the vast , barren landscape . believed to be constructed in the first century a.d. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes , linking the north and south of the arabian peninsula , the mysterious monument was never finished . scroll down for video . now a unesco world heritage site , the ancient remains of qasr al-farid - a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient nabatean settlement - stands amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop . the nabatean tomb in madain saleh is located in the northwestern region of the arabian peninsula , in the middle of a vast desert landscape . size matters ! the striking structure is the largest of the 131 tombs in the area , hinting it was intended for someone of great power . despite its misleading name , the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb . it 's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from egyptian , hellenistic , and assyrian architecture . the tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs , which were carved straight into rock in the city of mada'in saleh during the pinnacle of nabatean era . and it is famous for standing completely alone . size would have been indicative of the person 's social status and wealth , hinting it was intended for someone of power . it is remarkable how the lonely castle has remained so preserved against the elements for over 1,900 years and this can be attributed to the dry climate . situated on a pre-islamic archaeological site located in al-ula , is located on one of the major trading sites , which linked the south of the arabian peninsula to the north . unesco declared the magnificent historic collection saudi arabia 's first world heritage site in 2008 . nabataeans constructed their massive stone buildings mainly from single pieces of sandstone , and carved from the top down . if the smooth stone reminds you of the iconic carved site of petra in jordan , it should come as no surprise to learn they are linked . petra was the capital of the nabataean kingdom and features a 250-foot-high sandstone slot canyon known as the siq . until 1812 , the site was unknown to the western world until it was introduced by explorer johann ludwig burckhardt . while petra was the capital of the nabatean kingdom , mada'in saleh was its second city , explaining why the unusual carved rock architecture is so similar . petra in jordan was the capital of the nabatean kingdom . it displays similar architecture design to qasr al-farid , being carved out of a single stone body . it is sometimes known as the rose city due to the color of the stone . impressive collection ! another saudi arabian nabatean tomb , qasr al-bint , has been perfectly preserved in the dry climate . unesco declared the historic series of tombs saudi arabia 's first world heritage site in 2008 .  