trainer paul webber was on sunday praying the ground at fairyhouse dries out further for cantlow , who will attempt to give ap mccoy a glorious send off in ireland with a second victory in easter monday 's irish grand national . the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler’s cabin and success aboard cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be mccoy’s final week as a jockey . he has vowed to immediately retire if he wins saturday’s crabbie’s grand national at aintree on favourite shutthefrontdoor , the gelding which won last year’s irish national under barry geraghty . ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow in his final race meeting in ireland . that cantlow disputes favouritism for monday 's race is largely due to the presence of mccoy on his back . the champion jockey could have ridden alderwood or if in doubt , who both also carry the colours of his boss jp mcmanus . cantlow’s form this season is not inspiring but he finished a creditable eighth in last year’s race when asked to carry top weight – only three of the last 20 winners have carried more than 11st - and webber has identified a reason why the 10-year-old pulled up quickly at kempton on his latest run . the trainer said : ‘ he choked at kempton when he looked to be about to run a decent race on slightly better ground which would have helped . we have never had a breathing problem before with him . cantlow disputes favouritism for monday 's race largely due to the presence of mccoy on his back . ‘ he has worked well with tongue tie twice since with ap on board . i hope it dries up a bit , it is soft to heavy which wouldn’t help . ‘ he ran blinder last year and it is an almost impossible race to win off top weight . ’ mccoy had a double at the track on sunday , which included a typically determined success on enda bolger-trained gilgamboa in the grade one ryanair gold cup , which looked unlikely jumping the second last . bitofapuzzle ( noel fehily ) gave trainer harry fry a first grade one win of his career in the ebf mares’ novice hurdle championship final . mccoy is helped to lift the ryanair gold cup trophy by oisin loughlin at fairyhouse racecourse on sunday . 