from moisturising skin to beating bacterial infections , coconut oil was the health food du jour in 2014 . but there 's a new superfood on the block , which is thought to enhance your mood , renew skin and even help with menopause symptoms . reaping with beauty and health benefits , experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil , which is being touted as the the new must-have - and , of course , health aficionado gwyneth paltrow is already a fan . health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the next big thing - and say it can help enhance your mood , renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms ( just ask gwyneth paltrow , who features it in many of her recipes in her book , it 's all good ) . much like coconut oil , pumpkin seed oil is thought to help boost shiny locks . pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth . when applied to the lengths of your locks , powerhealth , who supply the health produce , say it hydrates hair follicles giving shiny and lustrous strands . it also apparently has similar skin-boosting benefits . with high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids and natural antioxidants , pumpkin seed oil helps promote normal cell structure and retains moisture , which ensures skin is hydrated and youthful . zinc and vitamin e from the pumpkin seed can also improve the skin’s healing process , helping to fight off acne , beat scarring and maintain skin renewal . pumpkin seeds , left , are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help , strengthen hair . the oil , right , can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair to help boost your beauty and health . studies have even found that pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food . pumpkin seeds and chia seeds topped a top-ten list of mood-boosting foods compiled by dietitian sarah schenker and food psychologist christy fergusson . one of the richest sources of tryptophan , pumpkin seeds increase production of serotonin , a hormone that can help improve people’s mood and help us feel relaxed . with a high zinc content , which plays a central role in boosting the immune system and cell division , pumpkin seeds can increase brain power by enhancing memory and focus , claim nutritionists . the potent seeds are also thought to help beat menopausal symptoms . the little seeds are said to be rich in natural phytoestrogens , which can decrease blood pressure , headaches , hot flushes , joint pain and other menopausal symptoms . pumpkin seeds , pictured , topped a top-ten list of mood-boosting foods compiled by dietitian sarah schenker and food psychologist christy fergusson . nutritional therapist angela falaschi told the telegraph : ' hot ﬂushes are one of the most common and distressing symptoms of the menopause , with extreme highs and lows in temperature causing episodes of profuse sweating . ' i often recommend supplementing the diet with isoﬂavonoids ( naturally occurring compounds ) by incorporating chick peas , soya , lentils and pumpkin seeds into your meals . ' gwyneth paltrow , who penned cookbook it 's all good , loves to use the nutrient-rich seeds in her healthy recipes . lorna driver-davies , nutritionist at nutricentre , said : ' pumpkin seed oil is high in the polyunsaturated fatty acid ( a longer chain fatty acid ) omega 6 , which is beneficial for the skin and hormone support in women . i also recommend pumpkin seed oil to men due to the zinc content . ' but we must be careful to not use too much omega 6 oils in our diet as we need less of them than we do omega 3 . a source of omega 3 would be oily fish . when using any nutritional oils , we should all be aware that balance is key and use a wide variety of sources ; coconut , pumpkin and fish , for example . '   