campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of easter in a bid to boost the economy . after next month 's election , ministers could be asked to make sure easter day always falls between april 9 and 15 , so businesses can plan holiday rotas in advance and allow the travel industry to better prepare for the summer season . in 1928 , the easter act was passed in parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april . scroll down for video . david cameron and his wife samantha attend an easter sunday service at st nicholas church in oxfordshire . after next month 's general election , minister could be asked to consider fixing the date of easter . both the house of commons and house of lords passed the act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented . it is thought that the roman catholic church did not object to the plans although , they were never seriously discussed . but just before the dissolution of parliament last week , conservative sir greg knight , who is defending his east yorkshire seat at the general election , asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the easter act 1928 . this also prompted the national secular society to write to prime minister david cameron demanding easter be a set date in april . pope francis leads easter mass in st peter 's square in the vatican . it is thought that the roman catholic church do not object to the plans to fix a date for easter . the letter by the society 's executive director keith porteous wood , said : ' the variation of the date of easter by over a month causes significant and unnecessary inconvenience . this is particularly disruptive to the orderly planning of school terms and to business . ' as you will be aware , the law requires large shops , including supermarkets and even diy stores , to close on easter sunday . ' the high proportion of the population that are not observant christians , be they religiously unconcerned or of other faiths , are prevented from using them then , when many would want to do so . ' we support the rights of those who wish to observe easter , but is is unreasonable and disrespectful to the remainder of the population for the operation of the law to prevent them from shopping then in such outlets . ' spectators gather to watch the the passion of the christ production on good friday in trafalgar square . but just before the dissolution of parliament , conservative sir greg knight asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the easter act 1928 . on the gregorian calendar , used in the uk , easter sunday always falls on the first sunday after the paschal full moon . the local government association and the family and childcare trust have also backed the plan , saying that at least the two-week easter school holidays should be the same every year to allow parents to plan childcare . however , according to the independent business minister jo swinson said there was ' no indication ' that easter would become a fixed date . on the gregorian calendar , used in the uk , easter sunday is always the first sunday after the paschal full moon . the paschal full moon is the first full moon occurring on or after the spring equinox , meaning easter weekend usually falls any time between march 22 and april 25 . but since this shifts from year to year , most people follow the calendrical spring equinox , which is reckoned as march 21 . in the eastern orthodox church , easter is determined using the julian calendar and is always celebrated after the jewish festival of passover . this year it will be celebrated on april 12 , next sunday .