after a fire took a family 's home of four years leaving them without anything , a georgia mother of six is making a desperate plea for help . kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning , and was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out of the decatur condo safely . however , all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and in her efforts to get her family back on their feet , she is asking for assistance . ' my children are homeless . they have nothing . they lost everything , ' dixon told channel 2 . scroll down for video . a mother of six said her family has nothing after fire reduced their georgia condo to a pile of rubble ( above kalimah dixon with her five of her six children ) . the dekalb county mother said the fire happened early on monday and that she managed to get all of her children safely out ( remains of the condo following the fire above ) . while dixon was renting the condo in the last four years , she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management . but now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed . as the mother of three sons and three daughters shuffles to give her kids stability , she is currently staying with a friend , far from her children 's decatur schools - where on tuesday , georgia students are required to take a standardized test . ' yes , it starts tuesday and i do n't even know where i 'm going to be on monday , ' said dixon . in the last four years while dixon rented the condo , she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management . now she said she is finding it difficult to get a lease while unemployed ( pictured right and left with her children ) . dixon said on monday as the fire broke out before she knew it the whole roof had been engulfed in flames ( above aftermath of the fire ) . following the fire , the mother of six said : ' my children are homeless . they have nothing . they lost everything ' . she said in the past few days , the american red cross has assisted her as she searched for a place to live , but as she has looked to shelters for help , they turn her away . ' they 'll take three of my children but they wo n't take the other three or my son is too old or they have any space at all , ' dixon told channel 2 . dixon has since started a gofundme page which on sunday had raised $ 4,619 in donations . dixon has started a gofundme page which has raised $ 4,619 in donations so far . on the site she wrote : ' i 'm humbly asking for assistance for me and my children we currently suffered a tremendous loss due to a fire early monday morning . ' on top of losing everything we have n't been able to receive housing assistance rendering us homeless . ' if you could find it in you 're hearts to assist it would be greatly appreciated every bit counts even prayers thank you . '