that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation . now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , femail take a look back at the week , taking note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon . some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag , other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model 's backs ... while a few were downright bizarre . make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous . the week that was : mbfwa featured loud prints , metallic , intricate detailing in couture masterpieces from highlight shows romance was born ( left ) , toni maticevski ( l ) and steven khalil ( middle r ) ... and some very different beauty looks and trends we wo n't try in real life ( r ) . bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including maticevski and michael lo sordo . skin is definitely in - flimsy , sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk , with the front row receiving an eyeful as breasts , backsides and everything else were put on display beneath see-through mesh and lace designs . a key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling - both akira isogawa and bondi bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces . meanwhile eyebrow-raising head wear frequently outshone the designs on parade - from perspex masks made to look like plastic bags blowing in the wind , to giant animal heads , and ned kelly-inspired head pieces . metallics . shine on : maticevski ( left ) , ginger & smart ( middle ) , and johanna johnson ( right ) wowed with metallic golds and bronzes . metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk . head-to-toe gold dazzled at toni maticevski , while johanna johnson showed full-length skirts . ginger & smart 's bronze dresses were favourites for their wear-ability off the catwalk . voluminous silhouettes . big is better : toni maticevski ( left ) , ellery ( middle ) , and michael lo sordo ( right ) all presented voluminous silhouettes . the future is now : contemporary styles by maticevski ( left and right ) and romance was born ( middle ) were masterpieces of design , wearability is questionable . big is better - silhouettes went super-sized at many of the highlight shows . maticevski , romance was born , ellery and michael lo sordo all presented billowing , voluminous gowns . slouchy comfort . pyjama party : laid-back , slouchy silhouettes featured in the ( l-r ) haryono setiadi , gary bigeni , tome , and serpent & the swan shows will make for a comfortable season . next season looks to be a comfortable one . as well as the oversized evening wear being showcased , ready-to-wear separates were inspired by bedtime . haryono setiadi , gary bigeni , tome , and serpent & the swan all presented slouchy , pyjama-style ensembles . couture creations . dazzling : couture creations made a splash - our favourites were seen at ( l-r ) galanni , steven khalil , and johanna johnson . masterpiece : betty tran on thursday night presented a show-stopping gown . heavenly show-stopping masterpieces were highlights of the week , with intricate hand-sewn embellishments , fringing , feathers , and sheer fabrics key trends . johanna johnson closed the week with a number of beautiful creations , while steven khalil , betty tran and galanni also sent incredibly couture down the runway . we see right through you . peekaboo : marriam seddiq ( left ) , any step , ( middle ) , and johanna johnson ( right ) gave the front row an eyeful with their revealing designs . sheer delight : delicate sheer fabrics left little to the imagination at mariam seddiq ( left ) , kate sylvester ( middle ) , and johanna johnson ( right ) . things got a little cheeky mid-week , particularly amongst the up-and-coming designers , who strived to stand out during the new generation and raffles showcase presentations . marriam seddiq during the st george new generation show and any step during the raffles international showcase in particular had the front row blushing , with their see-through creations that put models ' bodies on full display . the any step show stood out for its bondage-style dress made of only leather straps and buckles . gladiators are back . lace it up : bec & bridge ( left ) , cs edit x kirrily johnston ( middle ) , and daniel avakian ( right ) all showed knee-high gladiator sandals . oh , hello 2008 . your favourite footwear trend is back again . bec & bridge and daniel akavian accessorised their wares with very similar gladiator-style lace-up sandals , while the cs edit x kirrily johnston show presented the same in metallic gold . bizarre ' beauty ' . do n't try this at home : one fell swoop ( left ) , akira isogawa ( middle ) , and dyspnea ( right ) tried out some interesting hair and beauty styles that we wo n't be trying in real life . the beauty looks of the week were met with some head scratching . ' ugly ' beauty , and unusual trends including sequinned faces are styles best left on the catwalk . hair was repeatedly slicked down , while some hair designers got crafty , creating ' origami ' influenced hair style and sectioning off strands of hair to create unique designs ( pictured at dyspnea ) . accessorise this . hats off to you : blue glue bikinis ( left ) , vanessa moe ( middle ) and romance was born ( right ) were in the headlines for their out-there headwear on the runway which included oversized animal heads , perspex masks , and ned kelly-inspired headpieces . one-sided : both ellery ( left and right ) and gail sorronda ( middle ) sent models out sporting circular ear pieces on one side . accessories threatened to overshadow the designs they were intended to complement . blue glue bikinis sent models down the runway wearing oversized animal heads , vanessa moe 's plastic face masks were a unique touch , while romance was born 's quirkiest inclusion in their australiana-themed presentation was a ned kelly-inspired head piece . both ellery and gail sorronda 's models sported circular ear pieces or earrings on one side only . strong is the new skinny . sporty : we are handsome made headlines for casting fitness influences instead of regular models for their show ( left and right ) , while bec & bridge 's debut swim line show featured healthier models ( middle ) . the we are handsome show made headlines when design duo jeremy and katinka somers chose to cast fitness influencers rather than traditional models in their shows . lindy klim , along with former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk , australian ballet star juliette burnett , and yogi and instagram star sjana earp , wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses and modelled the brand 's new activewear range . spectacular settings . unique : the iconic icebergs pool was drained on thursday to create a spectacular seaside catwalk for ten pieces . australiana : the art gallery of nsw was transformed into a colourful floral setting for the romance was born show . moving : the ellery show featured a performance by the australian ballet . while most of the shows took place at the carriageworks venue in eveleigh , a few designers went rogue , putting on shows in a more spectacular fashion with elaborate sets , locations and stunts . ellery 's opening show featured a performance by the australian ballet and romance was born were typically stand-out with their floral setting inside the art gallery of new south wales . but the nod for most scenic setting was ten pieces on thursday , who drained the iconic icebergs pool to create a stunning seaside catwalk overlooking bondi . making headlines . making news : someone with sticky fingers stole three of the tablets gifted to the front row at maticevski ( left ) , while the fashion crowd followed in the footsteps of kimye and the beckhams by bringing children to the shows ( right ) . highlights and headaches : the opening show on sunday night by ellery kicked off proceedings with gemma ward 's triumphant return to the catwalk ( left ) , but angered a local man who interrupted the catwalk show to complain about the noise ( right ) . the primarily smooth-running week was interrupted on a few occasions which grabbed our attention . opening night at ellery got off to a dramatic start , with the audience witnessing the return to the catwalk by home-grown supermodel gemma ward . the night took a turn , though , when a disgruntled neighbour stormed the stage complaining about the racket . australian fashion insiders copied the beckhams and kim kardashian by turning up to the shows with their children in tow , while someone with sticky fingers stole three tablet worth $ 899 that were intended for front row guests . 