an apprentice electrician fell off a ladder and died in front of his father after he was electrocuted while testing lights in a factory , an inquest has heard . nathan brown , 19 , was working with his father david , an experienced electrician , when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane . the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane . he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries . tragic : apprentice electrician nathan brown died after being electrocuted while testing lights . accident : nathan fell 12ft from a ladder after being electrocuted , and later died of his injuries . the inquest in oldham heard that nathan - described by his family as a ' cheeky , happy boy ' - trained to become an electrician so he could follow in his father 's footsteps . the pair were both working at eurofabs uk ltd , a sheet metal manufacturer in rochdale , greater manchester , when tragedy struck in september 2013 . nathan was told to climb up a ladder onto the walkway of a crane and test the lights in the building 's roof , taking readings and shouting them down to his father - a task as easy as plugging in a television . but he accidentally touched a 400-volt busbar , a metal strip which conducts electricity within a switchboard , while he was trying to climb high enough to carry out the tests . forensic pathologist philip lumb told the inquest he found burn marks consistent with electrocution on nathan 's arm . family : the 19-year-old was working with his father david , an experienced electrician , at the time of his death . he said : ' i gather nathan was an apprentice electrician who was working for his father and contracted by a company called eurofabs to conduct a complete electrical inspection . ' one of his duties was to inspect one part of the roof . in order to gain access , nathan had to get on top of a toilet block and place a ladder against an electrical crane to access the platform where the lights were located . ' his father was working in the premises at the time . a short time late his father saw nathan fall head first into the roof of the toilet block , about 12ft . he did not note any sounds of attempts to break his fall . ' he went to attend to him but found him in a collapsed condition , although his father said he may be able to feel a pulse . ' dr lumb told the inquest the cause of nathan 's death was electrocution and that he probably suffered cardiac arrest before falling to the ground . his mother nicole , 47 , said she learnt of the accident when she was called by her other son gary , who worked at eurofabs . she told the inquest : ' he said , `` do n't panic mum but nathan has had a fall . '' i remember saying , `` why , what happened ? '' he said , `` he has fallen from a ladder . '' ' i asked if he was ok and he said he did n't know as he was n't conscious . he said , `` you need to get here as soon as you can mum . '' i just rushed out the house and got on the car and drove straight over . ' i remember running up the stairs to get to him . i just got more or less up the stairs and i saw the paramedics trying to save him . ' workplace : nathan and his father were carrying out electrical tests at eurofabs uk in rochdale . in a statement mr brown , 50 , who has been an electrician for 32 years , said that his son had joined him as an apprentice in september 2012 after embarking on a three-year training course , and had completed health and safety training a month before the fatal accident . he said : ' as an apprentice he was learning on the job and only ever allowed to complete basic tasks such as basic electrics , switches , sockets and lights . ' you would only ever allow nathan to carry out work when safe for him to do so and work within capability , knowledge and competence . ' mr brown said he had carried out work at the eurofabs premises twice before , and on this occasion was carrying out a general electrical survey which he likened to an ' mot . ' he said he decided to put a ladder over the toilet block beneath a 10-tonne travelling crane and had not seen the busbar overhead . he told the inquest : ' as far as i am aware the busbar should have been marked up in a sleeve with the marking `` danger high voltage '' . i have never come across a busbar not sleeved and marked with an appropriate sign . ' had i been aware of the presence of the busbars in such unprotected conditions then i would not have continued to take this work . in all 32 years ' experience with busbars i have seen them properly protected and never come across exposed busbars as present on the day of the accident . ' that was the worst and fastest day of my life . it 's a blur but i ca n't get rid of some of those thoughts . the test he was doing would be as simple as plugging a tv into a wall . ' i 'm completely devastated by the accident and life will never be the same again . he was the light of my life and my family and i will miss him so much . time is a great healer and i hope that will be the case . ' the inquest continues .