leanna norris ( pictured during her trial ) admitted killing her young daughter . a mother who drugged her young daughter with allergy medicine before smothering her to death has been jailed for 37 years . leanna norris , 25 , of auburn , plied two-year-old loh grenada with benedryl to make her sleep before by covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket , a court heard . the body was found in the front seat of her car in stetson , maine , on june 24 , 2013 . assistant attorney general deb cashman said norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend , the father of her child , dating other women . ' she did not want ( his new girlfriends ) mothering her child , ' reported the bangor daily news . norris wept as she told the judge : ' i want it to be known that i 'm sorry to everyone that i have hurt , ' reported the newspaper . ' all i ever wanted was for her to be safe and us to be together forever . ' the court heard that norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression , and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter . but superior court justice ann murray had rejected norris ' insanity defense and found her guilty . norris admitted to investigators that on the evening of june 23 , 2013 , she drove her daughter , loh melody grenda , to durham bridge road in newport and gave her three times the normal dose of an antihistamine . she put duct tape over the girl’s mouth and nose , then smothered her with a blanket so she would not have to watch her die , according to the trial testimony . the mother then drove to a cemetery in stetson and took the rest of the antihistamine and swallowed 200 advil pills in a suicide attempt . norris told police that she had broken up with loh’s father and he had threatened to try to get sole custody of the girl . norris , 25 , had drugged two-year-old loh grenada ( pictured ) then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape . cowardly act : the court heard that norris allegedly had covered her daughter with a blanket while she smothered her so she ' would not have to look at loh 's eyes ' . martha harris , who is representing norris , told the courtroom that her client was depressed and had both anxiety and mood disorders last year , according to the newspaper . norris ' ex-boyfriend michael grenda , who was the father to two-year-old loh grenda , testified about the parents ' estranged relationship , according to the newspaper . his testimony reportedly included that the couple 's verbal disputes led to police being dispatched on multiple occasions -- and though grenda broke up with norris on june 16 , 2013 , the two agreed to stay and parent in the same residence . norris ' digital communications with different men stopped a potential reunion , he also said , according to bangor daily news . grenda reportedly recounted his telling norris on june 23 ' that was the end of everything ' - and then ' she became very upset . she was crying and smashing her head against the wall . ' the 27-year-old 's testimony also reportedly revealed that norris cooled off that morning through his help , he left the home in the afternoon , and found out what happened to loh grenda on june 24 . suicidal : leanna norris allegedly asked for a gun after her daughter 's death in order to take her own life . testimony : assistant attorney general deb cashman said norris knowingly committed the murder and ' did not want mike dating other women and did not want them mothering her child . the suspect 's father steven norris said he received a 2.27am phone call on june 24 from his daughter , in which she admitted to killing loh . he then contacted the authorities while norris was one the phone with her mother . norris later turned up at her parents ' home with the dead body inside the car . he told the court she had been feeling suicidal and had asked for a gun , according to the bangor daily news . her affidavit by maine state police detective thomas pickering said she offered ' two or three syringes of benadryl to make [ loh grenda ] go to sleep . ' ' leanna norris put black gorilla [ duct ] tape on loh grenda 's mouth and nose ; that leanna norris put a blanket over loh grenda 's face so she would not have to look at loh 's eyes , ' the affidavit reportedly said . ' leanna norris said that she killed loh grenda ; that leanna norris put her hand over loh grenda 's face and suffocated her . ' judge : superior court justice ann murray is pictured at the bench during the trial at penobscot judicial center , bangor . assistant attorney general leann zainea appears for the prosecution ( left ) across from defense attorney martha harris ( right ) . norris said she took the tape off ' so it would not look so horrible ' , the affidavit is said to reveal . later at a stetson cemetery was ' where [ leanna norris ] took pills and put tape on her face in order to kill herself , ' the affidavit also reportedly said . but , after vomiting , the 24-year-old allegedly called her father , steven norris , and then drove to his house , where he discovered his granddaughter dead under a blanket . norris , who had asked to be tried without a jury , had told the judge that she did n't set out to kill her daughter and her defense asked for the minimum sentence of 25 years . but mr grenada , loh 's father , had branded the request ' a joke ' and recommended a 45 term for the ' premeditated ' killing . justice murray sentenced norris to 37 years in prison after taking into account the child 's suffering and her mother 's mental illness .