a builder who wolf-whistled a young woman only to be accused of sexual harassment said today she is a ' silly little girl ' who was ' lucky ' to have received the attention . ian merrett , 28 , is astonished that poppy smart , 23 , did not take it as a compliment , which he says has helped him ' snog loads of girls ' in the past . the builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day for a month as she passed their worcester construction site . miss smart , who compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination , eventually filmed them and asked west mercia police to investigate alleged sexual harassment . mr merrett admits it was probably him whistling but called miss smart a ' silly little girl ' who should never have gone to the police . he said : ' i 'm sure if she walks past again and she is lucky she will get wolf-whistled again . i have wolf-whistled so many girls and got so many birds and snogged so many girls off the back of that , and never had a complaint before . but i 've got a girlfriend so need to be careful what i say ' . scroll down for video . fighting back : builder ian merrett , left , was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling poppy smart , 23 , right , every day for a month , but he has said she should take it as a compliment . mr merrett , who was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for affray , also accused her of damaging the reputation of his trade and ' hard working ' builders by trying to get them prosecuted . miss smart , a marketing co-ordinator , contacted west mercia police over the regular taunts and the force went to the building site in worcester to warn the men about their conduct . she also filmed the whistles and handed the evidence to officers , who followed up poppy 's complaint but had not taken further action , the force said . mr merrett , who was branded ' disgraceful ' by the judge when he was convicted for the unprovoked train attack six years ago , said : ' it 's highly likely it was me who did that wolf-whistle . i 've seen the news coverage and it 's not right . 'wolf-whistling is part and parcel of working on a site , it 's complimenting a girl . i 'm a builder and my mates are builders . we are all hard working people and our reputation has been damaged ' . ' i can remember that day when she took the video , we were under-pinning a wall that day . ' i only saw the back of her , i did n't even see her face and you can see in the video the wolf-whistle comes after she had passed the gate . ' i did n't even see her face , and i would n't recognise her if i fell over her in the street , so i do n't know how that could possibly be sexual harassment . ' police came to our site and said someone had made an allegation of harassment . they showed us the video so we stopped doing it . ' it 's not worth getting into trouble over some silly little girl . i do n't know why she complained , she must be thinking things above her station . ' mr merrett was 23 when he received a 12-month prison sentence for an unprovoked attack on a malvern to birmingham train in 2009 . jailing him and his friend anthony hannay , judge amjad nawaz condemned their ' disgraceful ' behaviour after they repeatedly punched passenger michael powell in a drunken attack . at the time , the judge told them : ' loutish behaviour like this is sadly becoming all too common . ' speaking today , mr merrett shrugged off the attack , and said : ' it was all a very long time ago when i used to go around town getting p***** up and fighting . ' i was sentenced for 12 months and served six months . it 's the first and last time i 've been in prison but not the first time i 've had a run in with the law . ' as far as i 'm concerned , it 's in the past , i 'm older now and i 've got a job and a kid . i 'm a different person . ' ms smart recorded one of the occasions she walked past the building site . there is no suggestion any of the men pictured in the mobile phone footage ( shown left and right ) were involved in the alleged wolf-whistling . crime scene : the building yard in worcester where ms smart alleges workman wolf-whistled at her while on her way to work . ' disrespectful ' : the 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator ( pictured ) claimed builders at a construction site wolf-whistled at her every morning as she walked to work in worcester city centre . earlier this week , miss smart condemned men who wolf-whistle , claiming it was demeaning and compared it to racism . she decided to take action after the workmen whistled and made disrespectful comments towards her as she walked past the building site on her way to work , making it unbearable for her on her daily commute to worcester city centre . the marketing co-ordinator said it went on for at least a month before she decided to take action . she said : ' i had to walk past that way to go to work and it got so bad that they would actually come out of the building site at the time i walked down the road . ' i often had my earphones in but i could still hear the whistling over it . ' i eventually contacted the building company and the police when it got so bad i even considered changing my route to work but thought ' why should i do that ? ' ' i remember one of the builders , who was probably 18 or 19 , got right in my face and said ' morning love ' to me when he was stood with an older guy . ' she told newsbeat they often ' blocked the pavement ' forcing her to walk around them . she said : ' i started wearing sunglasses so i did n't have to look at them . i started putting headphones on so i did n't have to hear them . ' eventually it got to the day where i had enough . ' miss smart said she decided to film the workmen on her mobile phone and hand the footage to police because ' women should n't have to deal with it . ' she added : ' i 've noticed this behaviour more and more around the city . ' men will lean out of their cars or vans and shout comments about my appearance or whistle and i know and have seen this happen to others as well . ' i think more women should speak out about this behaviour , maybe it will make people think twice . ' imagine hearing someone speaking that way to your sister , mother , wife or daughter . ' personally i do n't think that such comments , even if they are considered complimentary by the perpetrators , are appropriate . ' it is very disrespectful and is comparable to calling out at someone of a different race or religion . ' 