cameron hooker , who kept a hitchhiker as sex slave for seven years , was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 . a man branded the ' most dangerous psychopath ever encountered ' after he kept a young hitchhiker as a sex slave for seven years has been denied parole . cameron hooker , 61 , was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of colleen stan . the case made international headlines and stan was known as ' the girl in the box ' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity . despite hooker 's century-long jail term , he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules , usa today reported . in an attempt to reduce its prison population , california has recently introduced the elderly parole program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served at least 25 years . but the parole board at corcoran state prison , where hooker is incarcerated , denied the request and have stated the inmate wo n't get another hearing for 15 years . luis patino , a spokesman for the california department of corrections and rehabilitation , said hooker had been given the longest delay period until his next parole hearing as the board found he was ' far from suitable ' for being released . scroll down for video . in may 1977 , stan had been hitchhiking along interstate 5 near redding , california . despite the high risks involved - it just a few years after the arrest of a serial killer in santa cruz who preyed on young female hitchers - the then 20-year-old stick out her thumb and accepted a ride from a young couple traveling with a 7-month-old baby . colleen stan was known as ' the girl in the box ' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during much of her captivity . stan was tortured , raped and left for days in a head box ( right ) or another coffin-like box under the couple 's bed . the coffin-like box in which colleen was held for up to 23-hours a day under hooker and his wife 's bed . within hours , she was tied up and naked in the basement of hooker 's home 30 miles away . it would be the start of seven torturous years as a captive of the ' psychopath ' . stan was starved , whipped and burned by hooker , a 23-year-old lumber mill worker . he would tie her to the ceiling by her wrists or leave her for days with a 20-pound hinged wooden box around her head , blocking the outside world . at other times she would be forced into another , coffin-like box under hooker and his wife janice's bed , or tied to a rack . the specially-made torture device caused permanent damage to her back and one shoulder . she was also forced to sign a ' slavery contract ' which meant she had to do anything hooker wanted , from sex to the more mundane such as household chores or looking after his children . in 1978 , janice gave birth to a second baby on the water bed above stan . hooker had convinced her that if she ever ran away a powerful organisation known as the company would find her , and would hurt her family . to avoid painful punishments , she said she tried to be a good slave and that due to this she was allowed out to jog , work in the yard , and care for the hooker children alone in the mobile home . video courtesy kxtv . colleen stan reads about her experiences being held captive by cameron hooker in the 1970s and 1980s during a crime victim 's ceremony on thursday in california . even with an open door , neighbors , and a telephone , stan made no attempt to escape ; she said that her fear of `` the company '' kept her from seeking help . neighbors for years believed she was she just the family 's helper . in 1981 she was even allowed to visit her family alone but then returned to hooker , such was the extent to which she was under his control and feared ' the company ' . in 1984 she she was allowed to take a job as a maid at a local hotel . the turning point came in 1984 when hooker told his wife janice that he wanted to make stan his second wife and bring in more female slaves . she told stan that hooker was n't part of the company and helped her to escape . stan called hooker from the bus stop and told him she was leaving him . he was said to have burst into tears . despite escaping his clutches she continued to call him and refused to report him to the police . she said she wanted to give him the chance to reform . once back home , stan went to school for an accounting degree , married , and had a daughter . she also joined an organization to help abused women . it was his wife janice who finally went to the police and in return for immunity agreed to testify against him . despite hooker 's ( pictured in 1984 ) century-long jail term , he had qualified for a new prison program which allowed him to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules . to the outside world she was simply a live-in housekeeper for the couple . no-one could imagine the horrors that went on behind closed doors . stan , who was the subject of a best-selling book , perfect victim , finally escaped with the help of hooker 's wife janice in 1984 . now living under a new identity , stan said she had begun having nightmares that she was under hooker 's control again in the run up to the hearing . after hooker 's request for parole was refused , stan told kxtv : ' the hearing went really well and i 'm really pleased with the results . ' he did n't show any remorse . basically he 's wasted his life , 30 years in prison and has n't done anything to try to improve himself or change himself or figure out why he did this . ' ' i do n't know what his health issues are physically or mentally , ' stan said . ' but i do n't think he 's a feeble old man that could n't do this again . ' 