this is the moment a middle-aged woman ran over and killed her husband in china after he climbed out of their car and she accidentally reversed over him . driver mei ru , 50 , and her husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of fuzhou , in fujian province , south east china . cctv from the scene shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body . mei ru , 50 , was going shopping in the chinese city of fuzhou , in the south eastern province of fujian , when she parked her car and her husband climbed out the passenger side . thinking his wife had stopped , mr song walked around and stood behind the vehicle just as she reversed , knocking him to the ground . passer-by kuan tseng , 32 , said : ' it seemed that she had already parked the car so when he stood behind it there did n't seem to be any danger . ' but then the car reversed and he screamed out as it knocked him to the ground . i ran over to see if he was okay but he was unconscious . ' the woman was hysterical and begging him to wake up , but i think he was already dead . ' song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save his life , but he died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs . tragic : cctv footage taken at the scene then shows mrs ru backing up over his body as concerned passers-by rush over to held the couple . deadly : mr song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him , but he later died from broken ribs and massive internal bleeding , doctors said . a hospital spokesman said : ' the force of his head hitting the ground and then the car running over his body was too much . ' sadly he died from massive internal bleeding and crushed ribs . his wife is grief-stricken and is being treated by doctors here for shock . ' a police spokesman said : ' when we interviewed the woman she was completely distraught but she said had wanted to straighten the car up and she was n't aware her husband was behind her . ' 