a thief nicknamed the ' black widow of facebook ' who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested . argentinian con-artist sofia davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network , suggesting they meet up for sex . but after meeting her victims , the 21-year-old from buenos aires , would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious , before ransacking their homes . buenos aires thief sofia davila , 21 , would start chatting to men over facebook before suggesting that they meet up . when they did , she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious . the 21-year-old posted raunchy pictures of herself on facebook and flirt with strangers she added on the network . she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies . diego escalante , from tigre , buenos aires , said he had been robbed after falling victim to the ploy . the 39-year-old said : ' we had been flirting with each other for about two weeks and then she suggested we get together . ' we went to a hotel and had a good time and when she suggested we meet again i did n't think anything was suspicious . ' the next time we met she came to my place and said she 'd like to drink her own alcohol and poured me one too . i then began to fill ill and passed out . ' when i woke up my feet and hands were tied and there were two men in my flat taking my tv , stereo and other things . ' after carrying out the ruse davila went to the police station herself to report the robbery - claiming she had been forced to leave the flat by the men , and had been powerless to stop them . the thief has been nicknamed the ' black widow of facebook ' . she is now awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them . two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes . but a spokesman for the police said they were suspicious , having received numerous calls from men who had been stolen from after they spent the night with a woman they met over the internet . he said : ' the problem with her statement was that we had already received a dozen complaints from other men saying they had been robbed after meeting a woman over facebook . ' this was the first time the woman had actually shown up herself though , but because she matched the description we already had we decided to hold her for questioning . one of davila 's victims said the pair hit it off at a hotel , and he did n't think have any suspicions when they met up again at his home . he said she drugged him and he woke up with his feet tied and two men stealing his tv . ' as soon as we spoke to the victim we knew she was the woman behind the robberies and it only took a little while before we had a full confession . we also found that the man had been drugged . ' davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with her two accomplices . argentinian news website diarioveloz.com said davila , who worked in pr for a bowling alley , told police she was forced to commit the crimes to pay off her debts to a drug dealer .