a kidnapping in south carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor could n't operate a manual stick shift in the victim 's car , police said . 27-year-old demetri nelson still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested tuesday , several hours after the kidnapping attempt , the sumter county sheriff 's office said in a news release . deputies said nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman 's home and demanded money . the state reported nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home . scroll down for video . apprehended : a kidnapping in south carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor , demetric nelson , could n't operate a manual stick shift in the victim 's car . thwarted getaway : nelson was unable to drive the victim 's stick-shift car , pictured . once they got there , nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car , wfsb reported . two children were at the home with the victim at the time of the robbery , according to the television station . nelson could n't drive the car because of the manual transmission , however , and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape , authorities said . ' as she was able to get out , she was fortunate enough that there were officers from the sumter police department nearby , patrolling the area , ' braden bunch , a spokesman for the sheriff 's office , told wfsb . ' he added ' she flagged them down and when she did , the suspect then ran . ' command : nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home and told the woman to take him to a manning avenue home ( pictured ) , where he then told her to get into the trunk of the car . before nelson was apprehended , the sumter 's county sheriff 's office wrote in news release posted to facebook he ' has a history of violent offense convictions and has been placed on the sumter county sheriff’s office most wanted list . ' he should be considered armed and dangerous . ' deputies found nelson and charged him with kidnapping and armed robbery . they said he will also be charged with a possession of a firearm during a violent crime charge . ' nelson was located and taken into custody without incident around 1 p.m. tuesday , ' the sheriff 's office later said in another release posted to facebook . bunch told wfsb of the stick-up ' it 's got to be incredibly difficult for somebody to deal with that , especially at 1:00 in the morning . ' it was n't known if nelson had an attorney . 