although invisibility suits and hover cars are yet to become a reality , it turns out we might be closer to the future than we think . austrian designers , maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up - by doing it for you . the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete . scroll down for video . there 's clearly still a few precision kinks with the beautification machine created by austrian designers maya pindeus and johanna pichlbauer . a visitor lets the machine apply her red lipstick thanks to a crank which creates a circular rotation . the robot made its debut at the exhibition , biennale internationale design saint-etienne 2015 , in france , and gallery visitors were in for a treat . the machine is composed of three components : a lipstick wheel , an eyeliner applicator , and a mask which illuminates when the ' beautification ' was complete . women were then filmed testing the machine for the two university of vienna students ' art project entitled beautification . when creating a device for such a personal ritual as applying make-up , anyone would think that the robots would favour precision and speed , but this was - hilariously- not the case . the beginning of the video shows the designers setting up and creating the machine 's frame which includes two magnified mirrors . each device is fitted with chin rests in order to let the user know where to position their faces . another girl has felt the wrath of the machine , which has dealt her face many random strokes of eyeliner . a gallery visitor rests her head on the chin rest , expecting eyeliner to be expertly applied . the eyeliner is fixed to a robotic arm , which moves the brush in a movement intended to mimic that of a hand , against the backdrop of a mirror with the motto , ' with determined brush strokes the cosmetic ritual takes its course ' inscribed into the glass . the lipstick wand is secured to a crank which rotates in small circles . once each area has been completed , a mask threaded with leds lights up in the corresponding part of the female face . the video shows how it 's only when visitors begin trying out the make-up robot that they realise precision is not the machine 's greatest attribute . each woman rests their chin on the chin-rest and the eyeliner brush is seen swiping wildly , leaving them with smears of kohl on their foreheads , eyelids and along the bridge of their nose . at one point the robot actually smears the eyeliner directly into a unsuspecting girl 's eye . the lipstick robot is slightly more successful than the eyeliner robot , as the user can control how much lipstick is applied . next a woman trials the lipstick wand but the speedy circular rotation of the lipstick is n't well aligned to the natural shape of a pair of lips . the user is left with a circular smudge over her lips and chin . but pindeus and pichlbauer say the robots were n't intended to revolutionise make-up , explaining : ' we wanted to explore the relationship between humans and machines . ' the designers found the results of the art project were differed from their initial expectations . ' we expected the outcome to be threatening and a little creepy but instead we discovered a very affectionate side in our robot . one woman is waiting for her eyeliner to be applied , with her face directly aligned with the brush . she gets a shock when the eyeliner brush swipes directly into her eye . ' the interaction with our machine made people smile . its tireless spins , the way it didn’t quite succeed , it seemed to have its own ideas of what looked good in a human face . ' on their tumblr page , the pair explain the inspiration for the project : ' without us paying much attention , many processes and rituals in our lives have been taken over by machines which are said to be cold and unemotional . ' the designers added : ' our machines , however , have their own will , their own ideals . we want to put users in the beauty care of robots , to experience what it feels like when delicate decisions that are usually made by themselves are now determined by machines . ' the third component of the make-up robots is a light mask ( pictured ) , which is meant to illuminate parts of the face it is satisfied with .