in unabashed celebration of voluptuous women , a plunge bra with extra padding has launched for a curvy hh cup size . a first on the larger bra market , tutti rouge 's jessica features removable cookies ( light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra ) to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph . ashley james , who starred in made in chelsea , models the bold collection in a new set of images . scroll down for video . the jessica gives larger busted ladies like ashley , who is a size e , the option of extra volume . the bra , seen before cookies , left , and after cookies , right , goes right up to an hh cup size . the £38 jessica comes in a range of sizes , from a 28d right through to a 38hh - without , the brand says , compromising on support . it features a pocket which allows a cookie to cradled in the cup , sitting on the outer bust to push the bust inwards rather than upwards to create a natural-looking cleavage . launching in july , the bra is offering ladies even more cleavage from d-hh cup . jessica prebble , tutti rouge creative director , speaks about the inspiration behind this innovative bra shape . she said : ' when developing tutti rouge collections , i take a snapshot of people i meet , clothing , fabrics , flowers & so on . ' i notice that women are now embracing cleavage more than ever , no matter what size their bust and so i created jessica . ' this non-padded plunge bra allows you to turn up the cleavage with `` tutti 's cookies '' and decide the volume . ' ashley james , who starred on made in chelsea , models the bold new jessica collection . jessica is adorned with lace , framed by nude ribbon slot , a red rosebud and love heart sliders . the jessica collection is a perfect day to evening choice as it offers a subtle cleavage and plunge for the day time and then pop in your ' cookies ' for extra cleavage . jessica is adorned with lavish lace , framed by nude ribbon slot , a hint of red rosebud and finished with signature tutti love heart sliders . what makes jessica a world exclusive is the removable ' tutti 's cookies ' which have been specifically designed to fit perfectly into a sling to gently push the bust in , for a huge range of sizes . the jessica collection launches in july 2015 , featuring the £38 bra , the brazilian brief in xs-xxl , £20 , and a deep suspender s-xxl , £24 . jessica will be introduced to tutti 's existing continuity collection which features the bestselling lines liliana , nichole and beatrice .