' heartless ' : alice kovach-suehn , 56 , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . a florida woman starved a 96-year-old man in her care until he resembled a concentration camp prisoner and fed him dog excrement , according to police and the victim 's doctors . alice kovach-suehn , 56 , from apopka , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . apopka police sgt ed chittenden said it was one of the worst cases of abuse he 's ever witnessed over the course of his 18-year career in law enforcement . according to an arrest report , the senior in kovach-suehn 's care was discovered covered in filth and severely emaciated . the 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ‘ dog feces . ’ by the time police rescued him , the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together . ' he was skin and bones , ' chittenden described to the station wesh-tv . kovach-suehn was arrested after she brought the half-starved man in her care to florida hospital complaining of digestive issues . the staff there were so struck by his condition they contacted the state department of children and families . scroll down for video . mistreated : the senior in kovach-suehn 's care was discovered covered in filth and emaciated . the 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and ' dog feces ' . a doctor at the hospital said the 96-year-old floridian looked as if he has emerged from the auschwitz death camp , and another physician called the abuse ' homicide by starvation . ' when offered food at the hospital , sgt chittenden said ‘ he ate like a starving dog’ and , ultimately , he had to be spoon-fed . police believe ms kovach-suehn , who was the senior’s legal caretaker and had power-of-attorney , may have been deliberately starving the elderly man to get his money . the victim told investigators he was afraid of kovach-suehn and claimed she was trying to get his trust fund in her name , but he was resisting her efforts . scheme : police believe ms kovach-suehn , who was the senior’s legal caretaker and had power-of-attorney , may have been deliberately starving the elderly man to get his money . when questioned by police , the woman denied claims of starvation and insisted that she fed the senior in her care well . she also pointed a finger of blame at the man 's family , accusing them of refusing to look after him , reported wftv . dcf case workers said they had visited kovach-suehn 's home a few months ago to check up on the man but she denied them entry . kovach-suehn was released from jail saturday after posting $ 5,000 bond . when the 96-year-old recovers enough to be released from the hospital , dcf will place him in a shelter . 