business leaders have voiced their fears over the ' disastrous tory campaign ' which they believe has been too focussed on ' personal attacks and scaremongering ' . they expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month – which they believe have done little to discredit ed miliband . as it emerged that the labour leader is now the bookies ' favourite to be the next prime minister , a number of business leaders revealed they are worried david cameron will lose the battle for number 10 . and it appears mr cameron 's advisers have the same fear and have called on campaigners to change tack today . scroll down for video . business leaders have blasted the ' disastrous tory campaign ' which has focussed too much on personal attacks against the opposition . pictured : david cameron in lincoln today ( left ) and ed miliband campaigning at chatham house , london , today . business leaders said cameron 's role in delivering economic growth had become the ' background noise ' of the conservative campaign when it should have been the focus . the critique comes just weeks after more than 100 of britain 's top business leaders backed the conservatives ' economic plan in what was described as an ' unprecedented move ' urging voters not to risk a ' change of course ' . in a notable intervention weeks from the election on may 7 , the business chiefs , who run companies with well known retail brands such as primark , iceland , ladbrokes and costa coffee , signed a better claiming a labour government would ' put the recovery at risk ' . but now , a number of ftse 100 and other business leaders have anonymously criticised mr cameron 's use of personal attacks on his opposition . speaking to the financial times on the condition that they would not be named , one chairman said : ' the negative campaign has been disastrous ' . another added that the successes of the coalition government , including delivering real economic growth and jobs has become the ' background noise ' of the campaign instead of its focus . but a conservative spokesman insisted that the campaign 's focus on the idea of the snp in a coalition with labour is doing well on the doorstep , according to the ft . some argued the campaign 's focus has been too narrow and that ' fear tactics ' could backfire badly . ' the scottish scaremongering plays into the snp 's hands , ' said one chief . and it appears tory tacticians had believed mr cameron 's economic record would have delivered a solid poll lead by now . the polls put mr cameron and mr miliband on equal footing – and several business leaders suggest this is a result of the conservatives underestimating the leader 's appeal to voters . as bookies named ed miliband the favourite to be the next prime minister , one business leader said : ' every time miliband is visible , he appears credible ' . ' every time miliband is visible , he appears credible , ' said one . ' the worst thing is when ( conservative ) central office tries to be helpful , ' one conservative candidate told reuters . ' on the doorstep , when you speak to voters , very little is changing . the campaign has been almost genteel . ' mr cameron helped nurture a recovery that has lifted the economy out of its deepest downturn since world war two to give britain one of the fastest growth rates in the developed world . lynton crosby , cameron 's australian election guru , has now told the conservatives to focus on that . his philosophy , fellow advisers reveal , is that ' you ca n't fatten a pig on market day , ' meaning voters need to be bombarded with a message well in advance of polling day for it to ' take . '  