baltimore police who said a 25-year-old they arrested was taken into custody ' without incident ' are facing questions about what happened to lead to his death from a severed spine . freddie gray died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that 's been kept ' secret ' until today . official police documents filed monday said that the man was arrested by officer garrett miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he ' fled unprovoked after noticing police presence ' . gray , who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van , then lapsed into a coma and was taken to a university of maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death . police still have no answers about exactly what happened that led to the neck injury though baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said , ' whatever happened happened in the back of the van ' . six officers have been suspended , but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened . scroll down for video . freddie gray died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in baltimore last sunday . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake ( right , with police commissioner anthony batts ) said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report . rawlings-blake , police commissioner anthony batts and deputy commissioner jerry rodriguez held a press conference on monday pledging a thorough investigation of the incident . the mayor had vowed in the aftermath of the death to ensure the city held ' the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death at the university of maryland shock trauma center . she expressed frustration on monday as authorities could not figure out the exact circumstances that led to gray 's neck injury and said that the description of events given in a police report may not have shown probable cause in his arrest . ' when mr. gray was put in that van , he could talk , he was upset . and he was taken out of that van , he could not talk and he could not breathe , ' rodriguez said . “ we are not in the business of hiding facts . ' six officers were involved in the arrest and transportation of gray after he was taken into custody . their races are not known . they have all been suspended from the department , though batts said that they would be paid , as per state law . the recent disclosure marks the first time authorities have given a reason for gray 's interaction with police . though his arrest was for the switchblade , officers said that his arrest in a ' hot spot ' area of baltimore known for narcotics was because he was running away after seeing police . in a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain . gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later . video shows gray screaming out in pain as he is taken to the van . spectators thought he had broken legs though police said an autopsy showed he did not . rodriguez said monday that the police involved believed that the 27-year-old was committing or had just committed a crime when they chased and subdued him . the switchblade knife was found in his front right pants pocket , according to documents obtained by the baltimore sun . the knife was punishable by a year in prison and a $ 500 fine . a timeline released by police said gray was taken by a prisoner transport van from the ' crime ' scene to the western district station shortly before 9am . he asked for his asthmatic inhaler while he was being arrested , and requested medical assistance at another unknown point in time , according to rodriguez . an officer pulled out his taser for use during the incident , but an autopsy that came back monday showed no taser marks . while he was in the van , gray , who is 5'8 '' and 145 pounds , was put in leg restraints after he became ' irate ' . thirty minutes after he was arrested , an ambulance was called to the police station to take gray to the hospital after he had a ' medical emergency ' , according to nbc baltimore . the van made multiple stops , including stopping to pick up another suspect who could hear but not see gray because of a partition in the vehicle . gray died on sunday morning at the university of maryland shock trauma center from his spinal injuries . anyone who witnessed gray 's arrest or has video of the incident is being asked aid in the investigation , which the baltimore mayor said has frustrated her due to its lack of answers . gray suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box , according to his family . civilian video showed him being loaded into the van , but did not show the entire encounter . during the video , a woman said : ' that boy 's legs look broke . ' attorneys said that he suffered three broken bones , according to cbs baltimore . however , the autopsy report said that gray had no physical injuries beyond his spine . it concluded that no force was used , a claim echoed by officers . an attorney retained by gray 's family , william ' billy ' murphy , spoke out on sunday and described the circumstances leading up to the young man 's death , saying that police chased the man ' without any evidence he had committed a crime ' . he added : ' his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddie into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain . ' murphy also took issue with the police 's previous silence about the issue for gray 's arrest . ' we believe the police are keeping the circumstances of freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility . ' police commissioner anthony batts said the department would try again to share information with the grays . the incident comes as relations between police and black communities have taken on new levels of tension following several incidents of alleged police brutality that received national headlines . about 50 people marched from city hall to police headquarters monday , carrying signs reading ' black lives matter '' and ' jobs , not police killings . ' they unfurled a yellow banner reading ' stop police terror . ' rodriguez tried to differentiate his department from police in a st. louis , missouri suburb that were the subject of a federal racial discrimination investigation after the police shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown . ' this is not ferguson , this is a city where we 've worked very hard ' to have dialogue with the black community . gray 's family has declined , so far , to interact with police , according to police commissioner anthony batts . he said the department would try again this week to share information with them . protests continued monday as police released the arrest report for gray that ultimately led to his tragic death . justice league nyc organized a rally saturday night at the western district station where gray was taken . ' he 's gone , ' richard shipley said after confirming the death of his stepson . ' what else is there to say ? ' the police , an independent review board and the baltimore prosecutor 's office will investigate the case . rodriguez said that homicide investigators and the police training academy will be included in the task force that gives a report to the state attorney general 's office by friday , may 1 . he said that the investigation is particularly interested in deciding whether police waited too late to call paramedics and whether an officer placed a knee on gray 's back during the arrest . monday 's press conference included cctv footage of part of the incident , though it does not show the fatal spine injury . citizens and groups including justice league of nyc took to the streets to protest following the death of gray . peaceful demonstrators walk with their hands on their heads yesterday in protest over the death of gray . civilian video showed gray being loaded in the van , but did not show the entire encounter or how he was hurt . mayor rawlings-blake said that whatever injury occurred to gray must have happened in the van , where cameras that allowed the driver to see the back of the vehicle do not record the footage . commissioner batts , who has been a proponent of body cameras , said that he was looking into changing the cameras so they would record . mayor rawlings-blake said she was ' frustrated ' by gray 's death and the lack of immediate answers and said that the police department had been working to ' overcome decades of mistrust ' . the mayor added that the information about gray running in the police report does not necessarily represent probable cause for an arrest and that authorities will ' provide the community with all the answers it deserves ' . the commissioners announced immediate changes to arrest policies on monday , including immediately giving medical attention to suspects who ask for it .