they have long claimed to be the only genuine political party – fighting the manipulated pr of the main westminster parties . but ukip’s reputation for telling it straight was left in tatters this morning after the party’s deputy leader was caught posing for a photograph to make him look more educated – in front of a photoshopped library clutching a picture book . mr nuttall , ukip’s education spokesman , appeared in the party’s manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ‘ british rebels and reformers’ . the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 . scroll down for video . paul nuttall , ukip’s education spokesman , appeared in the party’s manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ‘ british rebels and reformers’ - a vintage hard-back picture book . mr nuttall stands in front of shelves stacked full of books – many of which , on closer inspection , are the same and have been photoshopped to make the library look bigger . after being ridiculed on twitter , the mep joked that the photoshop allegations were not true : ‘ i just have two copies of every book . ’ the bizarre row capped a day of confusion for ukip after the party 's immigration spokesman appeared to contradict her own border policies . suzanne evans appeared to contradict a flagship policy on banning non-skilled workers after telling the manifesto launch that the party did not want to ' pull up the drawbridge ' but only ' control who walks over it ' . mr farage hoped to get ukip 's election campaign back on track , promising help for first-time buyers , military veterans , small businesses and hospital patients . the books behind mr nuttall were clearly photoshopped , appearing in mirror image next to each other . the ukip deputy leader later took to twitter to joke about the allegations , insisting he just had ' two copies of every book ' . but the attempt to present a more professional image risks being over-shadowed by falling poll ratings , rivals openly vying for the ukip leadership and chaos over the party 's flagship immigration policy . in remarks which risk angering supporters opposed to immigration , mrs evans said : ' ukip is not anti-immigration . immigrants are not the problem . it 's our current immigration system that is the problem . nigel farage unveiled ukip 's manifesto in thurrock , essex , this morning . ' we will not pull up the drawbridge , we will simply start to control who walks over it . ' today it emerged ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten . the party reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . a party strategist said ' something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . in a speech in essex , mr farage claimed ukip could hold the balance of power after may 7 . he said : ' we are the only party with the self-confidence and belief in this nation that we actually believe that not only could we , but that we should , govern our own country , make our own laws and negotiate our own international trade deals . ' we are the only party standing in this general election saying we want a trade deal with europe , we want to be good neighbours with our european friends , but we desperately seek a referendum so that we can set this country free from political union . ' there is no third way . there is no renegotiation of any value that is to be had in brussels . our position is perfectly clear - we want our country back . ' he set out key polices he would demand as a price for supporting a tory government . they include : an in/out referendum on britain 's eu membership ' as soon as possible ' . an australian-style points-based immigration system . more than 2 per cent of gdp to be spent on the armed forces . guaranteed jobs in the police , prison , or border force for anyone leaving the forces after 12 years . ukip leader nigel farage passes ukip deputy chairwoman suzanne evans during the launch of the party 's election manifesto this morning . mr farage set out key polices he would demand as a price for supporting a tory government including an in/out referendum on britain 's eu membership ' as soon as possible ' . waive stamp duty on new homes worth up to £250,000 built on brownfield sites . no income tax on the minimum wage up to £13,000 , a new 30p tax band on earnings between £45,300 and £55,000 , with the 40p tax band kicking inn at £55,000 . however in the latest sign of policy chaos , the manifesto includes a pledge to limit net migration to 50,000 . mr farage has previously warned caps and targets are ' ludicrous ' and over-ruled his immigration spokesman steven woolfe who said the party would put a figure on the number allowed into the uk . meanwhile suzanne evans , the party 's deputy chairman , appeared to ditch a key policy on banning unskilled migrants in the space of just 60 seconds . 