two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $ 2 million hospital in western australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit . the concerns around fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources . however , according to health authorities , the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty . the latest potential developments at the hospital follow recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments . the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments . the west australian was told junior doctors were moved to ' maximise training opportunities ' by a state committee that organises both accreditation and training for the royal australian and new zealand college of obstetricians and gynaecologists . the hospital went on ' baby bypass ' when the maternity unit opened four months ago , due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth . the hospital consequently had to direct expectant mothers to other hospitals . this week the ranzcog told the west australian that the obstetrics unit , which opened on december 2 last year , was approved for training in march . michael gannon , president of the australian medical association wa , told the west australian he knew of issues surrounding the recently opened obstetrics unit . he said concerns of the unit 's services were similar to others at the hospital , due to planning issues from years ago . the hospital was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february . earlier in the week , it was revealed that the hospital 's medical service provider serco failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february . the company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff , but the hospital was reportedly operating with poorly sanitised instruments , reported the abc . australian medical association wa president michael gannon noted recent reports that some instruments contained blood and human matter . ' there 's been reports of bits of bone on some orthopaedic equipment , there 's been reports , that are really hard to believe , of blood still being seen on some instruments , ' he said . ' so this gives us great concern . ' . dr gannon said the latest revelations will further damage the hospital 's public image and likely cause a loss of morale within its workforce . ' i ca n't imagine how people must feel if they 've got surgery booked at the hospital at some stage , ' he said .