the latest app that 's sweeping the web is the fiendishly addictive , and surprisingly difficult , kuku kube . it has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares . on each board , one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour and the aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse . click the start button below to play kuku kube . kuku kube ( pictured ) is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers . scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ' lower than average ' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great ' . although the game appears relatively simple , and starts with a board of just four coloured squares , it quickly grows to a board of up to 81 squares . and the differentiation between the shades becomes more subtle over time . players get a point for every correct square identified , but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point . plus , players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends . it was created by canada-based network365 and is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers . although the game appears relatively simple , and starts with a board of just four coloured squares ( left ) , it quickly grows ( right ) . the differentiation between the shades becomes more subtle over time . there are eight levels , and as a player progresses the squares change orientation or add borders to make it harder . on the desktop version the game lets you continue until the timer runs out , but on the mobile apps ( pictured ) players ca n't progress until they have scored more than 20 on each level . there are eight levels , and as a player progresses the squares change orientation or add borders to make it harder . on the desktop version the game lets you continue until the timer runs out , but on mobile apps players ca n't progress until they have scored more than 20 points on each level . the app makers said scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ' lower than average ' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is ' great . ' ' this puzzle is designed to evaluate the quality of your colour vision , ' said the developers , but is n't intended to replace a full or partial eye examination . ' this puzzle is designed to evaluate the quality of your colour vision , ' said the developers . ' you should identify the difference , if possible , and share your result with your friends . ' but they stressed : ' even though this test can be very accurate , it should never be used to replace a doctor 's visit . ' [ it ] provides basic information and guideline for your eyesight and colour test , and is not intended to replace a full or partial eye examination . ' eyesight and colour was recently linked to how we perceive the world by michael abrash , chief scientist from facebook-owned virtual reality ( vr ) experts oculus . he explained that humans only have three colour sensors , we can’t see infrared or ultraviolet and we have a blind spot in each eye . ‘ our visual data is actually astonishingly sparse and even if we were able to accurately record and process every photon that reaches our eyes , we’d still have too little data to be able to reconstruct the world accurately , ' he said . he used the recent black and blue/white and gold dress as an example . ‘ our visual system takes its best guess and sends that to the conscious mind , ’ he continued . the blue and black ( or gold and white ) dress that sweeped the internet last month revealed just how differently two people can see the world . but it 's not just about lighting conditions or optical illusions - evidence is mounting that until we have a way to describe something , we may not see its there . ancient languages , for instance , did n't have a word for blue and scientists believe as a result our ancestors did n't notice the colour even existed . in 1858 william gladstone , who later became the british prime minister , counted the colour references in the homer 's odyssey and found blue was n't mentioned at all . black is mentioned nearly 200 times and white about 100 . red , meanwhile , is mentioned fewer than 15 times , and yellow and green fewer than 10 . and blue does n't appear in greek texts , the koran , ancient chinese stories , and an ancient hebrew version of the bible , according to a german philologist named lazarus geiger . egyptians , who were the only culture that could produce blue dyes , were the first ancient civilisation to have a word for the colour blue and there remain tribes today who do n't have a word for blue , such as the himba people in namibia . several years ago , researchers showed some of the himba tribe a circle with 11 green squares and one blue . the study found they could not pick out which one was different from the others , or took much longer to make sense of it . however , the same tribe has many different words for green . when they were shown squares with one green a different shade , they could pick it out immediately . researchers showed the himba tribe in namibia 11 green squares with one blue . the study found they could n't pick out which was different from the others , but the same tribe has many words for green . when they were shown squares with one green a different shade , they picked it out immediately ( second top left ) . ' the way that the brain compensates for the limited data it receives is by maintaining a model of the real world that it constantly updates as new data comes in . ' and it is that model , not the real world , that you experience and trust implicitly . we are inference machines , not objective observers . he then showed a red and blue pill on hands that were shown on a yellow background to give an example of how this inference model breaks down . michael abrash , chief scientist from oculus recently used this image to show how vision is simply our perception of the world , but is n't realty . the pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . the colours of the pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . and even when a person knows that the pills are grey , they still see them as red or blue . ‘ your visual system isn’t interested in whether the photons coming from a tile on a random image are red or blue or grey , ' mr abrash continued . ' knowing that didn’t keep anyone from being eaten by lions on the savannah . what it is interested in is identifying potentially relevant features , in the real world , under a variety of conditions . ' your visual system constantly corrects for the colours in the scene . it is reverse engineering reality rather than just recording it . the colours seen are your brain’s “ best guess.”’ .