a baby girl has been badly disfigured in a dog attack at home after her parents left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields . ten-week-old qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china , following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face . her mother told the people 's daily online : ‘ we left after our baby girl fell asleep . who knew this would happen ? ' recovering from surgery : little qingqing , who is just ten weeks old , has bandages around her damaged face . the woman , named only as ms li , said that on the day of the attack , she and her husband fed their daughter then went to work near their house in haimen city , eastern china . but ms li could not stop thinking about her daughter so returned home after just ten minutes . when she arrived , a white dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her , she said . she dashed to the bedroom where she had left qingqing - and discovered that the little girl had been dragged from her bed by the dog , which is believed to be a stray . ms li said : ‘ i nearly fainted . my baby girl was lying face flat on the floor , with blood all over . ' distraught : qingqing 's mother , identified only as ms li , at her daughter 's bedside in hospital . the right side of qingqing 's face had been shredded and her eyelid torn off . she was carried to a local clinic by her mother but her injuries were too severe to be treated there . she was then transferred to the larger nantong city no.3 people’s hospital , where she was operated on . she is recovering from the surgery but is suffering from a fever that is concerning her doctors . her plastic surgeon , dr sun jiyie , said : ‘ this is the youngest child with the most severe injuries we have seen from a dog bite . ‘ if she could safely power through the critical period , we will be planning more plastic surgery . but she is so young and the injuries are so severe , the operations will no doubt be very difficult . ’ mrs li , who is keeping a vigil at her daughter 's bedside , said she and her husband only recently moved to haimen after working at a greenhouse farm in another province for three years . disfigured : a pixellated photo of qingqing 's face before her surgical dressings were applied ( right ) . last night dr zhao xianzhong , the director of the hospital 's burns and plastic surgery department , reminded all parents never to leave their babies and children alone . he also issued a general warning about dogs - saying attacks in china are more common in spring and summer . the hospital currently treats around 20 people a day for dog bites but the figure is expected to increase in the coming weeks as temperatures rise . ‘ when summer arrives , people wear less fabric , and dogs are only interested in exposed skin , ' explained dr zhao . ' girls should be more aware when they are wearing short skirts and shorts . ’