the emirates airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world . on tuesday , sportsmail revealed that the dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup which would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the emirates fa cup . the £30million three-year deal would add to emirates ' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship . here , sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table . arsenal won last season 's fa cup competition , which will be rebranded the emirates fa cup . emirates’ sport portfolio . football . arsenal and the emirates stadium . deal worth : £150million . arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million with the dubai-based international airline . the agreement provided emirates with naming rights to arsenal 's 60,000 seat stadium and a place on the club 's shirt as the slogan ' fly emirates ' took over from arsenal 's previous sponsors o2 in an eight-year deal starting from the 2006-07 premier league season . in december 2012 , a new £150m deal was agreed , keeping the partnership together until the end of the 2018-19 season . arsenal 's new home was named the emirates stadium after a big-money deal in 2004 . the £100million agreement provided emirates with naming rights to arsenal 's 60,000 seat stadium . the emirates cup . the pre-season friendly tournament began in 2007 and is hosted at arsenal 's emirates stadium . during that time , teams such as real madrid , inter milan and juventus graced the turf to take part in two friendly matches each in a bid to win the tournament . the emirates cup is broadcast by bt sport in the uk as well as in a number of countries across the globe , maximising coverage for the airline . arsenal soccer schools , dubai . a joint venture between emirates and arsenal , the dubai soccer schools were established in 2009 and are sponsored by the airline . they are open to boys and girls of all ages and take place at the emirates ' owned 7he sevens sporting venue . alexis sanchez ( left ) in action during an emirates cup clash between arsenal and monaco in august . ac milan . deal worth : £80m . emirates stretched their influence to italian football in 2010 after sealing a £52m four-year deal with giants ac milan . in 2014 , the serie a side renewed the big-money deal with the famous airline , stretching their sponsorship until the 2019-20 season . th new five-year deal was reportedly worth around £80m , while the new agreement also includes branding around milan’s san siro stadium , sponsorship of the club’s youth team and additional marketing rights . emirates stretched their influence to italian football in 2010 after sealing a £52m four-year deal with ac milan . hamburg . deal worth : £17m . hamburg 's relationship with emirates began in 2006 after the bundesliga outfit agreed a three-year deal worth £11m . in february 2012 , the deal was renewed for a further three years with an option to extend the partnership through to 2016 . the reported £5m-a-year deal sees the emirates brand printed on the club shirts as well as dotted around hamburg 's imtech arena . bundesliga outfit hamburg have been in partnership with emirates since 2006 . new york cosmos . deal worth : £5m . the new york cosmos joined the likes of arsenal and real madrid by signing a deal with the fast-growing airline in 2013 . the emirates logo adorns the famous green and white shirts once worn by brazilian legend pele and will do until at least 2018 after a two-year extension was agreed last year . the cosmos have reportedly been earning around £1million-a-year from the deal . ny cosmos honourary president pele ( second right ) with the shirt after the club agree a deal with emirates . paris saint-germain . deal worth : £90m . psg players have worn the emirates brand since 2006 when the shirt sponsorship officially began for a relatively small fee of £3.5m-per-year . following the french club 's recent successes , a new deal estimated to be worth around £18m-per-season was drawn up taking their partnership with emirates to 2018 . according to media reports , the £90m agreement means psg 's deal is significantly below the more lucrative shirt sponsorship deals in the premier league . edinson cavani celebrates in psg 's ' fly emirates ' sponsored shirt , which has been in place since 2006 . real madrid . deal worth : £105m . in 2013 , emirates secured the signatures of one of the world 's biggest football clubs by agreeing a five-year shirt sponsorship deal with real madrid . no official figures were released for the sponsorship deal which is reported to be worth up to 21m-a-year . the airline deal brought madrid closer to arch-rivals barcelona who have a shirt sponsorship agreement with the qatar foundation worth around £20m-a-season until 2016 . cristiano ronaldo 's real madrid signed sealed a lucrative deal with emirates in 2013 . asian football confederation . emirates first became the official sponsor for the asian football confederation in 2002 . zain saudi professional league ( saudi arabia ) . in 2011 , emirates signed a three-and-a-half year sponsorship agreement with the saudi arabia top-flight which saw the airline 's branding throughout all zain saudi league’s stadia .  rugby . usa rugby . rugby world cup ( 2015 and 2019 ) . sevens world series . irb referees and match officials . horse racing . godolphin . dubai world cup carnival . melbourne cup carnival . dubai world cup . emirates melbourne cup . emirates singapore derby . formula one . 15 races each season . cricket . durham ccc . lancashire ccc . cricket world cup . icc . emirates elite panel of icc umpires . aussie rules football . collingwood fc . tennis . french open . us open . us open series . dubai tennis championships . rogers cup . bnp paribas open . internazionali bnl d’italia . atp world tour . barcelona open . golf . hong kong open . dp world tour championship . bmw international open . wgc-hsbc champions . australian open . australian pga championship . lyoness open . maybank malaysian open . alstom open de france . irish open . boeing classic .     