ander herrera has shunned comparisons with paul scholes , saying ' there will never be another ' . the stylish spaniard has been hailed as the one player who could take over scholes ' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield but modest herrera has been quick to distance himself from the former england international . herrera , 25 , took part in one of manchester united foundation 's dream days on monday , meeting up with ill children and adults at carrington . manchester united midfielder ander herrera has played down comparisons with paul scholes . scholes , pictured celebrating in january 2012 , was known for ability to score goals from midfield . afterwards he took to his facebook page to answer questions from supporters who compared him to old trafford favourite scholes , who scored 107 goals in 499 games for united . herrera , though , said : ' there will never be another scholes . he was a one off . ' herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival from athletic bilbao last summer and says his favourite strike so far was his spectacular opener in the 2-0 fa cup win over yeovil town but hopes ' the best one is still to come ' . herrera 's favourite goal for united came against league one side yeovil in the fa cup third round . scholes smashes home one of his 107 goals for manchester united against reading at old trafford . in a united facebook question and answer session , he went to explain that he wears both ' ander ' and ' herrera ' on his shirt as he is superstitious . ' i did it before in bilbao , and i am superstitious . i started using ' ander herrera ' at athletic a few years ago and i had a very good time there so i wanted to keep putting it on my shirt . i think marcos rojo is the same . actually , in spain , everyone has at least three names including the last name of both their dad and their mum . ' i always play passionately – for the team and our supporters . i am emotional . every win and every victory makes me happy but maybe i hope the most emotional moments are coming . i am sure of that , in fact , because i am at united . '