an extremely rare species of shark has been discovered off the gulf of mexico . however , this little critter is more likely to get you cooing rather than crying out in fear . the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . the young male is the second of its species ever seen . up from the deep : an extremely rare species of shark has been discovered off the gulf of mexico . tiny teeth : however , this little critter is more likely to get you cooing than crying out in fear . the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru and it 's been sitting in a russian museum since . it 's believed the newly-discovered pocket shark was just a few weeks old as he is extremely small and only weighs a mere half ounce . strangely , this type of shark has two pockets next to its front fins ; their purpose is not known . it 's not quite like a kangaroo , which uses its pouch to carry young , but few species have pockets this large - about 4 percent of the shark 's body . ' it 's cute , ' said tulane university biologist michael doosey , who co-authored a study in a zoological journal identifying the shark . ' it almost looks like a little whale . ' close encounter : the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it . putting a name to the face : this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kind . extremely rare : the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru and it 's been sitting in a russian museum since . national oceanic and atmospheric administration fisheries biologist mark grace has spent more than 30 years going through bags upon bags of fish to identify them . it took him more than three years to get to near the end of the freezer , when he plopped a bag on the table and let it thaw . ' i was n't really sure what it was , ' grace said . ' that pocket over on the pectoral fin , i had never seen anything like that on a shark . ' it 's a small miracle that he was not thrown away . a couple of times , the lab with the freezer lost power . once identified , the shark was shipped to new york and france for high-tech examinations that would n't puncture the specimen . dissection : the truly strange thing about this species strange is its twin pockets - while no one knows what they are for , some experts believe that they may secrete some kind of glowing fluid or pheromones . the shark also has unusual belly patches not seen in most sharks . the only other pocket shark was a female adult about 17 inches long ; it is believed that adult females may be larger than males . but the truly strange thing about this species strange is its twin pockets . while no one knows what they are for , based on the russian specimen grace and doosey speculated that they may secrete some kind of glowing fluid or pheromones . the gulf specimen has umbilical scars , showing he 's probably a few weeks old , grace said . because of that they think he was born in the gulf . he was captured in february 2010 by the ship pisces about 190 miles off the louisiana coast . ' there 's others ' out there , grace said . ' we just have n't caught them yet . '