jurors spent only about an hour deliberating tuesday before convicting an oregon woman of killing two handymen and feeding their bodies to her pigs . the jackson county jury found susan monica guilty of murdering two men about a year apart , then abusing their corpses by feeding them to the animals at her farm , the medford mail tribune reported . circuit judge tim barnack immediately sentenced 66-year-old monica to life in prison , with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years . scroll down for video . guilty : susan monica was found guilty on tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span . she was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison . pictured above in court on tuesday . floored : monica and her defense team react to hearing a guilty verdict in court on tuesday . ' you shot two people and fed them to your pigs , ' the judge told monica . ' i do n't know how else i can put it . you valued pigs more than you value people . ' it may sound harsh , but you are a cold-blooded killer , ' barnack said . prosecutors said stephen delicino , 59 , was killed in 2012 and robert haney , 56 , died in 2013 . monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed , saying ' it does n't seem to matter . ' the case will be appealed , the defense said . victim : robert haney ( pictured ) is one of the two men monica was found guilty of killing . she admitted to shooting haney when she found him being attacked by her pigs in 2013 , but jurors did n't buy the story . monica 's changing stories about how she shot delicino and haney never matched the forensic evidence , allan smith , senior assistant deputy district attorney , told jurors in closing arguments . she variously claimed that delicino shot himself repeatedly in the head and also that she shot him in self-defense and he was eaten by her pigs before she buried his remains on her 20-acre farm in southern oregon , smith reminded jurors . monica told investigators haney disappeared in the summer of 2013 . she said she came on him a month later as pigs were disemboweling him , and she shot him to ease his suffering . she later questioned whether he was alive when she shot him . defense attorney garren pedemonte argued there was no concrete evidence to rebut monica 's claims that she shot delicino in self-defense or to show that haney was actually alive when monica shot him . some of his remains were found in plastic bags in her barn . a state police forensic anthropologist , veronica vance , testified that haney 's legs had been chopped off with an ax , and the thigh bones showed signs of being gnawed by an animal . vance said she could n't determine whether the ax blows came before or after haney died . she said delicino suffered three to four gunshot wounds to the head , but there was no evidence one way or another about the self-defense claim . ' just because susan monica is different and strange and weird does n't make her a murderer , ' another defense lawyer , christine herbert , told the jury . gruesome discovery : the remains of the two handymen were found on monica 's farm after investigators noticed she was using one of the men 's food stamps . quick : it took a jury just an hour to come to the decision to convict monica of murder . pictured above in court on april 14 . changing hair : monica wore a short wig throughout the proceedings . pictured above in two mugshots , one wearing a long wig and the other bald . at one point during the six-day trial , monica herself cross-examined sheriff 's detective eric henderson , who was the lead investigator in the case , despite having her own defense team . on monday , a cellmate of monica 's testified the defendant signed a birthday card in jail with this phrase : ' from the sweetest murderer in jackson county . ' ' i got chills from the birthday card , ' 23-year-old inmate jordan ' janae ' farris testified . farris was serving time for violating probation from a burglary conviction and met monica in the jackson county jail . monica said she signed the card in accordance with the charges she was facing , kdrv-tv reported . as the judge addressed the jury before deliberations tuesday , the newspaper reported that monica stood up , raised her hand and began asking for the chance to give jurors one more demonstration on how she claimed she shot delicino . ' i 'd like to demonstrate how i shot him for 10 seconds , ' monica said . barnack initially ignored her . then monica put her hands in the air , as she did in her earlier testimony from the stand , and said , ' i held the gun like this . ' at that , the judge ordered her back to jail and sheriff 's deputies took her away .