a russian aerospace commander has sensationally claimed that some spy satellites are masquerading as space junk in earth orbit . the official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were , and which countries were operating them . it suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth . the claim was made by the commander of russian space command . oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk ( artist 's illustration of a satellite shown ) . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . the claims were made by the commander of russian space command , oleg maidanovich . he was speaking on a film called ‘ space special forces’ during a tour of russia’s main centre for aerospace intelligence in krasnoznamensk , near moscow . ‘ very recently , specialists of the department of space intelligence centre uncovered a newly created group of space satellites ... made for radio-technical reconnaissance of equipment on russian territory , ’ he said . a reconnaissance satellite is unofficially referred to as a spy satellite . they are earth observation satellites or communications satellites traditionally used for military or intelligence purposes . some are used to simply take images from the ground , while others relay information from one place to another . many such satellites are used today for high-resolution photography of certain areas , for scientific or defense purposes . the film goes on to state that there ‘ are cases when a space satellite pretends to be space junk for years and then wakes up and starts working at the right moment . ’ the comments were made yesterday on ‘ space day’ , when russia commemorated the first human spaceflight - yuri gagarin , on 12 april 1961 . since then hundreds of rockets have been launched into space – and russia itself now has about 140 satellites operating in orbit . their space command is a division of the military responsible for warning of missile and air strikes and controlling russia 's defence satellites . it monitors about 20,000 objects orbiting the planet , out of a total of 100,000 significant objects . some objects are believed to have a military purpose - but it’s not quite clear what the purpose of the satellites disguised as space junk are . mailonline has asked the russian space agency ( roscosmos ) and space command for further information on the claim . the comments were made yesterday on ‘ space day’ , when russia commemorated the first human spaceflight - yuri gagarin ( pictured ) , on 12 april 1961 . since then hundreds of rockets have been launched into space - and russia itself now has about 140 satellites operating in orbit .