a high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by daily mail australia reveals an ' unprecedented ' number of australians could face the death penalty in china for drug smuggling . the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia 's executions of australian nationals myuran sukumaran and andrew chan despite the pleas of the federal government . it also comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - sydney man peter gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months . ' the number and seriousness of current cases of australians potentially facing the death penalty in china is unprecedented , ' said the department of foreign affairs and trade document , which was dated december 2 , 2014 . chinese authorities have said that eleven australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death . scroll down for video . australian citizen ibrahim jalloh ( pictured ) is reportedly facing drugs charges in guangzhou province . peter gardner ( left ) and kalynda davis ( right ) were apprehended in guangzhou . davis was allowed to go free when charges were withdrawn but gardner 's case has been brought forward by six months . jockey anthony roger bannister ( pictured ) was charged with importing 3kg of methamphetamine . the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing , obtained under freedom of information laws , which added : ' none of those detained was born in china or is a former chinese national . ' all were arrested for drug-related offences ' . the document said consular assistance was provided to the australians , including monitoring developments , prisoner welfare visits , and keeping in contact with family or nominated contacts . other possible steps appeared to be redacted . chinese prosecutors are reportedly seeking the death penalty against jockey anthony roger bannister , 43 , from adelaide , who was charged with allegedly attempting to smuggle 3kg of methamphetamine from guangzhou to australia . another citizen , ibrahim jalloh and his friend bengali sherrif were arrested at guangzhou airport in july over alleged drug crimes . sherrif is reported to have been granted a suspended death sentence and jalloh has not yet faced trial , according to the abc . other names have not been released . do you know more ? daniel.piotrowski @ mailonline.com . drug ring ? many of those facing death row were trying to import or export the drug ' ice ' into or out of guangzhou . pictured above is guangzhou international airport . the confidential dfat briefing concerned gardner and his then-girlfriend , penrith woman kalynda davis . ms davis was freed without charge following a traumatic month in a chinese prison last year where she was forced to crop her hair short . the pair had met on tinder . ms davis 's friends realised something was wrong when she failed to appear as a bridesmaid at a friend 's wedding in early november . the file also revealed the importance the government placed in not speaking publicly about her case at the time of her imprisonment . ' given the timing of the investigative period and the possible death penalty involved , ' dfat asked that ' no information about this case be disclosed . ' authorities alleged gardner tried to smuggle 30kg of methamphetamine out of china to australia . when ms davis returned to sydney , her father revealed she was cleared by chinese authorities because she had carry-on luggage only . rose kulak , death penalty campaigner for amnesty international , told daily mail australia : ' china executes more people than the rest of the world combined . ' ' with a 99 per cent conviction rate in china , once you are sentences to death , it is a very precarious situation you are in , ' ms kulak said . approximately 8 per cent of all recorded executions in china last year were carried out for drug-related crimes , amnesty said . the gardner family has requested privacy and wo n't comment to the media while the case proceeds . a spokeswoman for the foreign minister was approached for comment but was unavailable to respond by daily mail australia 's deadline . a spokesman for opposition foreign affairs spokeswoman tanya plibersek said australia should lead efforts against the death penalty , ' in particular working with the united nations ' .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .