a russian-ukrainian film about a legendary soviet sniper nicknamed ' lady death ' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other . titled ' battle for sevastopol ' in russia but ' indestructible ' across the border in ukraine , the movie – about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops – is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived . and despite the freeze in ties between the former soviet nations that has seen ukraine ban a slew of modern russian films , the $ 5million ( £3m ) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both moscow and kiev . scroll down for video . nazi killer : a russian-ukrainian film about legendary soviet sniper lyudmila pavlichenko ( left ) who was nicknamed nicknamed ' lady death ' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the current crisis . the film ( right ) is titled ' battle for sevastopol ' in russia but ' indestructible ' across the border in ukraine . will it bring unity ? the movie – about the female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops – is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived . director sergei mokritsky , who grew up in ukraine but lives in russia , told afp : ' despite everything , it has been accepted both by the new ukrainian authorities and our russian ones . ' i am hoping this film will unite people and at least for two hours , for the length of this film , people can come together in our shared history . ' the russian-language film is about ukrainian-born sniper lyudmila pavlichenko – nicknamed ' lady death ' – and comes out ahead of the 70th anniversary in may of the allied victory in the european theatre of world war two . trained as a sharpshooter and sent to fight on the frontline in 1941 , aged 25 , pavlichenko was said to have killed 309 nazis in less than a year during battles in odessa and the strategic city of sevastopol on ukraine 's crimea peninsula . hard-hitting biopic : russian actors yevgeny tsyganov ( left ) and yulia peresild ( right ) , who plays ukrainian-born sniper lyudmila pavlichenko are seen in a still from sergei mokritsky 's ' battle of sevastopol ' film . bringing together a shared history : the russian-language film ( above ) comes out ahead of the 70th anniversary in may of the allied victory in the european theatre of world war two . heroine : pavlichenko was said to have killed 309 nazis in less than a year during battles in odessa and the strategic city of sevastopol on ukraine 's crimea peninsula during world war two . lyudmila pavlichenko was sent to the frontline in 1941 at the age of 25 after being trained as a sniper . an unyielding character , she is said to have killed no fewer than 309 nazis during the sieges of odessa and later the strategic city of sevastopol on ukraine 's crimea peninsula . it is said she once lambasted a fellow sniper for firing a shot than ended the agony of a dying nazi , saying : ' they do n't deserve an easy death . ' she then falls for a fellow sniper and the couple plan to marry , but she is devastated when he , too , is killed . finally she is evacuated from sevastopol after getting injured , soon before the nazis captured the strategic city in 1942 . sensing her propaganda value , the soviet union then sent her to tour canada and the united states , where she called for the opening of a new front in the war . dressed in an army tunic and cap , she became an object of fascination , nicknamed ' lady death ' by journalists . she met american first lady eleanor roosevelt and was invited to stay at the white house as a personal guest . the women stayed in touch and roosevelt met her again years later in moscow . the new biopic was shot on location in sevastopol in november and december 2013 during the maidan popular uprising in kiev , shortly before the toppling of pro-russian president viktor yanukovych and russia 's annexation of crimea . ' i thought we ca n't stop filming , whatever happens , ' mokritsky recalled . ' the faster , the better , because later , it may not be possible . ' the differing titles for the film highlight some of the bitterest divisions between russia and ukraine . in russian , the title ' battle for sevastopol ' resonates with the patriotic fervour generated by crimea 's annexation in march last year . meanwhile , the ukrainian name ' indestructible ' hints at the national spirit as government forces battle a pro-russian uprising in the country 's east . as played by yulia peresild , the film 's heroine is unsmiling and unremittingly tough . ' war 's no place for cowards , ' she says . she vows to `` kill 100 enemies '' , hugging her rifle and upbraids a fellow sniper for firing a shot to finish off a nazi dying in agony . `` they do n't deserve an easy death , '' she says . in graphic battle scenes with blood spurting and shells exploding , she shoots to kill without flinching . but she has a softer side , too . she finds love in the arms of a tough commander , who is killed soon afterwards . she then falls for a fellow sniper and the couple plan to marry , but she is devastated when he , too , is killed . finally she gets injured and is evacuated from sevastopol , soon before the nazis captured the strategic city in 1942 . the next stage in pavlichenko 's life is far from the horrors of the frontline . sensing her propaganda value , the soviet union sent her to tour canada and the united states , where she called for the opening of a new front in the war . dressed in an army tunic and cap , she became an object of fascination , nicknamed ' lady death ' by journalists . pavlichenko was trained as a sharpshooter and sent to fight on the frontline in 1941 at the age of 25 . she met american first lady eleanor roosevelt and was invited to stay at the white house as a personal guest . the women stayed in touch and roosevelt met her again years later in moscow . in the film , she reveals her emotional turmoil while cooking borscht with a motherly roosevelt , played by british actress joan blackham . the film comes hot on the heels of the global smash directed by clint eastwood about a u.s. navy seal sharpshooter ' american sniper ' . critics have lauded the vivid photography in the ukrainian-russian film , but complain that pavlichenko does not come across as a fully-rounded character . ' she faces all these events with the same tense expression , ' wrote gazeta.ru news site . as for the two governments now locked in a bitter feud , both say they are rooting for the film to be a success - just not quite for the same reasons . ' we see it as a ukrainian film , ' a spokesman for kiev 's state film agency told afp , saying that 79 percent of the film 's financing is ukrainian , both from the state and private investors . meanwhile in russia , an unusually conciliatory culture minister vladimir medinsky said he hoped the movie might remind the rivals of when they fought side by side . ' it 's very important today that it 's a ukrainian-russian co-production . this is a film about our shared victory , ' medinsky said . siege of odessa : the ukrainian city of odessa was subjected to an unrelenting aerial bombardment by the nazis and their axis allies in june 1941 . surrounded on three sides , it was anticipated that soviet forces would succumb quickly , but a channel via the black sea allowed for supplies and reinforcements to make their way into the city . a second onslaught began in mid-august , but was forced to halt around a week later for a few days because of heavy casualties at the hands of the red army . heavy artillery : german troops during the siege of odessa against the soviet army in world war two . soviet soldiers march through a muddy field near odessa . however , by september 15 , soviet troops began to fall back towards the city and by early october , moscow ordered a retreat . in the first two weeks of october , more than 120,000 troops were evacuated , along with 1,000 trucks and 20,000 tons of ammunition . on october 15 , romanian troops – part of the axis alliance – entered the city . the romanians lost nearly 18,000 troops while the soviet union lost around 16,000 . source : world war ii database . battle for sevastopol : sevastopol , a key port city on the black sea , came under attack from five nazis divisions , supported by luftwaffe bombardments , in may 1942 . soviet troops were battered by up to 1,800 aerial sorties a day and were outnumbered by two to one on the ground . the soviet coastal army , led by general i.e . petrov , mustered 106,000 men , 600 artillery guns , 100 mortars and 38 tanks . german sappers at sevastopol , where a massive siege was launched against the soviet red army . the germans , meanwhile , assembled 204,000 men , 670 artillery guns , 720 mortars , 655 anti-tank guns , 450 tanks and 600 aircraft . by the end of june , the germans fought their way into the city and an evacuation of russian forces in the city was ordered on june 30 , lasting for four days . by the end of the siege , 90,000 russian prisoners had been taken and they lost the equivalent of two armies . source : history learning site .