a loving father has helped his seven-year-old son , who suffers from a congenital heart defect , to view his surgery scars as beautiful marks of bravery by proudly sharing a photo of the boy 's battle wounds online . when mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his son carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was ' ugly ' , the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy 's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and , in turn boost carter 's confidence . ' we told him that his scars are beautiful and make him look like a superhero . how many likes can carter get for his bravery ? ' mark wrote alongside the picture , which has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on april 11 . brave boy : mark gentle shared this photo of his seven-year-old son carter modeling his open-heart surgery scars on facebook after he found his son crying over his physical appearance . dedicated dad : the father-of-three hoped to boost carter 's confidence by posting the picture , which has received nearly 1.5 million since it was posted last week . mark , who only expected likes and comments from his facebook friends , told today that he and his wife sarah were amazed when the photo received 200,000 likes in the first day . the overwhelming response prompted mark to turn up the volume on his cell phone and remind carter that every beep he heard should serve as a sign that someone was supporting his bravery . ' he would look at me with these big eyes each time and say , `` dad , is that for me again ? '' ' mark said . ' it 's been a huge confidence booster and it has been therapeutic for carter . ' mark explained that when his son first removed his bandages ' he went down to the bathroom to look in the mirror and he just started sobbing ' . feeling better : carter , who has a congenital heart defect , can be seen showing off one of the scars on his chest . his most recent surgery was an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker . real fighter : the seven-year-old boy has had five open-heart surgeries since he was born . support system : carter 's dad marke can be seen holding his son 's hand in the hospital as he sleeps . ' he said , “ people are going to think i 'm ugly . my scars look horrible , '' ' he recalled . ‘ as a parent , it just tears your heart out . as much as that kid 's been through , the last thing i ever want him to worry about is scars . ' mark told carter that ' his scars are what makes him , him ' , while explaining there are a lot of people who have them . and thanks to his dad , carter is seeing his scars in a new light - especially after thousands of commenters have written him words of support , while others have shared photos of their own scars . ' do n't worry buddy scars are pretty cool and chicks will dig them . ' you are not ugly . you are a very handsome little man , ' wrote jessyka champaigne , who also posted a snapshot of one of her own battle wounds . sleepy boy : after surgery , carter 's chest scar was covered with superhero stickers . say cheese : carter smiled for the camera has he pushed his iv drip during one of his hospital stays . family moment : mark and his wife sarah posed for this photo while carter was in the hospital . she continued : ' keep your head up . i 've had 12 surgeries and counting , this one is my biggest scar ( goes down my back ) [ and i ] wear it proudly . you 're tough . ' another woman added : ' i have many scars from a horrible accident . they show the world how strong and brave you are , so i am proud of them . i wear them with pride . we can overcome anything . ’ meanwhile , someone else commented : ' you do look like a superhero ! ' ' his scars are what makes him , him , ' carter 's dad noted . ' they show everybody what he 's overcome and that he was stronger than the disease that tried to kill him . '