a 16-year-old transgender girl who spoke about being bullied at school in fallbrook , california killed herself , a support group said , raising questions about what educators can and should do to support students who change gender identity . taylor alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november , saying ; 'i’ve lost tons of friends , tons . and it’s been hell . i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone . ' she took her life on april 2 . scroll down for video . taylor alesana ( above ) of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults , and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy ( above in photo from 2 years ago ) . ' with few adults to turn to , and with no support from her school , her life became too difficult , ' the north county lgbtq resource center said . ' taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl , and all she wanted was acceptance . ' alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens , said max disposti , the group 's executive director , even posting a series of online videos describing her daily experiences and struggles . alesana had a strong relationship with her counselor at fallbrook high school , north of san diego , but school administrators ' did n't take the necessary steps , ' said disposti . they never contacted his organization , even after a thursday night vigil at its oceanside office that was attended by alesana 's parents and about 200 others , he said . fallbrook union high school district superintendent hugo pedroza said in a statement that a student died tragically on april 2 . ' it is never easy when something like this happens , but we are working to move forward together and stronger than before , ' he said . alesana said in one of her videos last years on youtube ; ' lately , i 've gotten a lot of drama from the school itself . ' the 16-year-old had a popular youtube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced . she said in one ; 'i’ve lost tons of friends , tons . and it’s been hell . i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone ' . she is the second transgender teen who sought services at the north county lgbtq resource center to die by suicide since march , said disposti . leelah alcorn - on december 28 , 2014 , alcorn , 17 , walked into oncoming traffic in ohio , with her suicide not later appearing on tumblr expressing her desire for her death to start a dialogue about lack of support for transgender persons . zander mahaffey - the 15-year-old cited family bullying in his suicide note , and there was outcry from many when after he took his life on february 15 , only his birth name and female pronouns were used in his obituary . melonie rose - the 19-year-old from maryland took her life in february , and according to one attendee was dressed like a man during her open casket funeral . ash haffner - haffner , 16 , took his own life after he was constantly bullied , walking into the path of a car on february 26 . blake brockington - the high school student from charlotte , north carolina who made headlines when he was named homecoming king earlier this year and who was a huge advocate for the community took his own life in march . sage-david - a young man from the same community as alesana and who attended the same support group , he took his own life in march , though he was living in a supportive environment and may have been dealing with his mother 's death years before . a boy , sage-david , who took his life last month had a supportive environment at home and school , but he struggled with other issues , including his mother 's death . alesana was unusually vocal about the challenges of being a transgender teen . ' she was very outspoken and had incredibly positive energy , ' disposti said . ' she was helping others as she was struggling . ' she told people in one of her final videos ; ' my biggest advice to anyone who’s transgender and struggling ? you’re becoming yourself . ' this news comes just after president obama called for an end to conversion therapy for gat and transgender americans . the white house released a statement in a response to a petition started after 17-year-old transgender youth leelah alcorn took her life late last year received over 120,000 signatures . ' we share your concern about its potentially devastating effects on the lives of transgender as well as gay , lesbian , bisexual and queer youth , ' valerie jarrett , president obama 's senior adviser , said in the statement . ' as part of our dedication to protecting america’s youth , this administration supports efforts to ban the use of conversion therapy for minors . ' she later said of alcorn while speaking to the press ; ' it was tragic , but i will tell you , unfortunately , she has a lot of company . it’s not the story of one young person . it is the story of countless young people who have been subjected to this . ' alesana is the seventh transgender youth reported to have committed suicide this year in the united states . her family is not releasing the details of her death . for confidential support call national suicide prevention lifeline on 1-800-273-talk ( 8255 ) or transgender lifeline on +187 756 588 60 . for support in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch , or click here .