a black cat who fell sick as a two-month-old kitten is now nursing abandoned sick animals back to health with plenty of purrs and cuddles . caring cat rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , northern poland , where he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help . the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved . black cat rademenes helps to nurse sick cats and dogs back to health at a polish animal shelter . veterinarian lucyna kuziel-zawalich took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital , polish news channel tvn meteo reports . ms kuziel-zawalich said rademenes gives hugs to every pet in the shelter , after previously being placed in isolation because of his grave illness which saw him lose his shiny black hair . when animals are brought in , rademenes goes up to them and supports them - especially as they rest after surgery . rademenes first fell sick as a two-month-old kitten and after recovering he is now nursing other abandoned sick animals back to health . the green-eyed cat was brought into the shelter after getting an inflamed respiratory tract infection . rademenes curls up to the sick animals , especially as they rest after surgery . in this photo the cat nurse appears to kiss a tabby cat on the head as it recovers . rademenes owner , vet lucyna kuziel-zawalich , adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital . in a series of adorable photos shared online , rademenes can been seen keeping a kitty attached to a drip warm by giving it a cuddle over a blanket . in another cute image , he spoons a large husky dog and curls up next to a beagle . the director of the animal shelter said sometimes the friendly cat even licks the ears of other sick strays . in one of a series of adorable photos shared online , rademenes keeps a beagles tail warm . as the abandoned pets recover rademenes is always close by for a cuddle . rademenes was left at the shelter because his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved . 