a canadian prostitute says that she wishes other people would n't make her feel so ashamed of working in the sex industry - because she actually really enjoys her job . celine bisette , who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career , insists she is neither ' damaged ' nor ' deranged ' - that , in fact , she rather enjoys being a prostitute , and it 's only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy . ' i am embarrassed to be a sex worker , even though i like my job , i’m good at it , and i’ve made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years , ' she wrote in a recent essay for xojane . this pro has pride : canadian prostitute celine bisette , pictured here , wishes other people would n't make her feel embarrassed about her job . first , celine would like everyone to abandon whatever assumptions they 've made about prostitutes . she claims that she did n't have an abusive childhood , she 's not a 'hyper-sexual nympho ' , and she is n't uneducated . she had ' an incredibly fortunate upbringing ' , she said , adding that she got along well with her parents and older sister : ' [ it was ] just about the best any child could possibly hope for . ' then , as a 19-year-old college sophomore , she found herself in need of a way to pay for school . a minimum-wage job would n't earn her enough money , and she did n't want to take out student loans . her best option , she said , was the sex industry . ' i couldn’t bring myself to do porn , and i knew wasn’t talented enough to be a stripper , ' she explained . working as an escort seemed like a natural choice for celine , as it was easy and it paid well - seeing just one or two clients a week covered her bills . it just did n't occur to her that others might not be so at ease with her decision . in the beginning , she 'd readily tell people at parties what she did for part-time work . she was still out-going then , she said , and never felt self-conscious . but peoples ' reactions quickly changed the way she approached conversations about her job . they would lecture her , insult her , and accuse her of being a ' traitor to feminism ' . one friend told everyone in their social circle that celine must be mentally unstable to have chosen such a career , and might have even been molested as a child . the rumor took off , and celine lost a lot of friends in the process . now , after about a decade in the industry , she is much more reticent about revealing what she does , for fear of eliciting those same negative reactions . but while she has a ' mainstream ' part-time job that she uses as a ' cover ' , she finds it frustrating that she ca n't be more open . ' i wish i could feel proud of who i am and what i do , ' she said . 'i’m tired of feeling embarrassed and ashamed . ' sexy and smart : celine , who wants to keep her real identity a secret , says she 's more than just an escort - she also has her master 's degree in sociology . even when she does tell people about her work as an escort , celine makes a point to emphasize that she also has a master’s degree in sociology : ' i hype it up and draw attention to it , as if to say , “ yes , i’m a [ prostitute ] , but i’m also smart and normal , really , i promise ! ” ' because of the social stigma , she sometimes thinks about quitting altogether - but she hesitates because the work is easy , her schedule is flexible , and she makes twice as much as she would doing a job in her field of study . plus , she explained , she ca n't erase her history in the sex industry . ' i will always be seen as damaged goods , whether i am a current sex worker or a former one . so i might as well just keep going , right ? ' in fact , despite liking her job , it 's not canada 's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give celine pause - being paid for sex is legal , but living off that payment of it is not . rather , it 's the negative reactions to her job that make her regret ever taking up sex work at all . ' i wish i’d known what i was getting myself into before i jumped into this line of work , ' she said . ' but most of all , i wish i’d never become a prostitute in the first place . '