channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show , saturday night live star michael che . ‘ tomorrow , we’ll chat to the star of the daily show and saturday night live , michael che , ’ the promo promised – although , in a cringeworthy gaffe , two of the three clips shown were of che’s castmate , jay pharoah . che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne’s international comedy festival . waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake , admitting ' we stuffed up ' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users . scroll down for video . the project were promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian michael che ( left ) when they accidentally used two clips of another comic jay pharoah ( right ) . presenter waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder after viewers pointed it out on twitter . us comic jay pharoah caught wind of his unexpected feature on the channel ten program , retweeting a video from a fan to more than 144,000 followers . aly admitted to the mistake to the audience , pointing out that the footage they’d used earlier was of two different people . ‘ we stuffed that up , viewer prue knox was quick and tweeted us within minutes , so thank you prue , ’ aly said . ‘ yes , so that happened , ’ he continued , clearly embarrassed . ‘that’s certaintly something to talk to michael about tomorrow , ’ georgie coghlan laughed . ‘ maybe we can just get him to sit in this seat and see if anyone notices , ’ aly said pointedly . pharoah saw the funny side of the incident and shared viewers’ tweets about the blunder on his own account . ‘ the project just played a a few clips for upcoming guest michael che and 2 of the clips were of jay pharoah # awkward , ’ tweeted prue knox . ‘ hey the project , you do know that michael che and jay pharoah are two different people yeah ? # ouch , ’ susan bong tweeted , accompanied with a video of the gaffe . presenter waleed aly apologised for the mix-up , which was ironic as he was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year . the age incorrectly printed a photo of ' legally brown ' comedy star nazeem hussain , who 's of sri lankan decent , in its entertainment column with the caption : ' waleed aly joins the project ' . ironically waleed aly , the presenter who apologised for the error , was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year . the age incorrectly printed a photo of ' legally brown ' comedy star nazeem hussain in its entertainment column in january with the caption : ' waleed aly joins the project ' . the awkward mistake was spotted by hussain , a stand-up comedian of sri lankan descent , who lightheartedly tweeted on thursday morning : ' well , we are kinda the same person ... ' the error sparked a widespread response , with social media users posting comments such as : ‘ oh , so brown people all look alike ? ' , 'un-freaking-believable ' and ' demonstrates why tv needs more non-white face ' . waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing ‘ stuff up’ later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users . waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing ‘ stuff up’ later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users . to add insult to injury , aly contributed to the paper fortnightly at the time of the mix-up . waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing ‘ stuff up’ later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users . ‘ um the project feat . waleed aly just waleed aly-d michael che and jay pharoah - aka confused one brown man for another , ’ tweeted brodie lancaster . comedian nazeem hussain ( left ) and reporter waleed aly ( right ) were mistaken for each other by the age .