hollie tillbrook , 17 , was saved by two off-duty police officers when she had a heart attack in basildon , essex . a teenager battling bulimia who ' died ' on the street from a heart attack was saved by a pair of off-duty police officers who gave her cpr . hollie tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend in basildon 's festival leisure park , essex , when she suddenly collapsed . doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped . but luckily , two officers , believed to be from the met police , rushed to her side and gave hollie life-saving cpr until an ambulance arrived . she was then rushed to basildon hospital , where she was put into an induced coma . but the teenager then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics . she is now recovering at her home in leigh , essex , despite her mother denise bennett being told to expect the worst . the family are now trying to find the police officers who saved hollie so they can thank them in person . hollie said : ' i do n't remember much about what happened that day but i owe the doctors and the off-duty officers everything . ' i feel very tired still and i know i have a long recovery ahead . it 's been really horrible but i am so thankful to be alive . ' ms bennett added : ' i would love to be able to meet the police officers who saved my daughter 's life and for them to get in touch . ' i really want to thank the two off duty police officers that saved my daughter 's life . they are just absolute heroes . ' and also the critical care team at basildon hospital - the treatment she received there was brilliant . ' the drama unfolded while hollie was waiting outside the chiquito 's restaurant while her boyfriend gary hobbs went to park his car . when he came back , he found hollie laying on the floor with a crowd gathered around her . ms bennett then received a phone call , telling her what had happened . the 17-year-old , who suffers with bulimia , had collapsed because she had a dangerous level of potassium in her body . she is now recovering at home with her mother denise bennett ( right ) . humans need potassium in higher amounts than any other mineral . adults need around 3,500mg in their body per day . potassium plays a fundamental role in maintaining the fluid and acid/alkaline balance of the body . it is vital for the transmission of nerve impulses and helps the heart to beat regularly . it also counterbalances sodium in the body , and is known to help lower blood pressure . to get enough you need to eat plenty of fruit and vegetables , which are especially good sources because they also provide a low level of sodium . the dietary and nutritional survey of british adults ( hmso 1990 ) showed that the average intake of potassium is 3,187mg in males and 2,434mg in females . compared with the daily recommendation of 3500mg intakes they are therefore low . people most at risk of marginal potassium include the elderly , athletes and manual workers who sweat out a lot of potassium and people taking certain diuretic drugs . heavy coffee and alcohol drinkers may lack the mineral and should try to increase their dietary intake . she said : ' fortunately a young bouncer working at the park had the presence of mind to take her phone and ring me . ' he said to me `` your daughter has collapsed and is receiving cpr '' . i asked if she was responding and he just went quiet and said `` no '' . the drive from leigh to basildon was awful . it was terrifying . ' hollie was transferred to basildon hospital where doctors told ms bennett that her heart had stopped . she had technically died for a short time , they said . the teen was then put into an induced coma . doctors told ms bennett to return in the morning but to prepare for the worst . she said : ' i went home to hollie 's bedroom and was just clutching the coat she had been wearing . i was crying and crying . ' but , the next morning , doctors began to bring hollie out of the coma and she started to breathe on her own . five days later she was allowed home . ms bennett said : ' i really want to warn other young people about the effects of bulimia . ' i know it is an illness but it is beyond my comprehension why these kids do this . it is not a game . it can have life-threatening consequences . ' hollie suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome ( cfs ) , which her mother believes caused her to become depressed and develop bulimia . doctors believe that hollie had been so sick that her potassium levels had dropped to a dangerous level .  