luca railton , 11 , was told he would never walk - but has now taken his first steps unaided . an 11-year-old boy told he would never walk has taken his first steps unaided thanks to pioneering treatment in the us . luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia . doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight . but his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life . instead , they began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments , and eventually found an american surgeon called dr dror paley , who assured luca 's parents his leg could be saved . through tireless fundraising , mr and mrs railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the us for surgery . he underwent a series of operations – including one to break his right leg and start lengthening his femur ( thigh bone ) . now , luca is walking unaided – without the stints he formerly needed - and can even play cricket and tennis . his mother , teresa , 43 , said : ' from the moment he was born our goal in life has been for him to keep his legs . ' we knew we would do everything in our power for him . before we went to america , luca was getting worse . ' he was in pain and reliant on his crutches . it was awful to see . ' we knew we had to raise £135,000 and our friends have been brilliant . we have had amazing donations . but if we had n't our plan b was to re-mortgage the house . ' luca was born with no shin bone ( tibia ) and no knee in his right leg , and only a partial shin bone in his left leg . for the first year of his life , every doctor said that his leg would eventually be amputated . but his family discovered a german surgeon called professor weber who had been working on luca 's rare problem , and he agreed to come to england to perform a pioneering 10 hour operation on luca 's legs . the surgery was hugely successful and for the next few years , luca was able to walk on his own and play with other children . throughout his childhood years , luca underwent over 60 hours of surgery as doctors tried to rebuild his legs over and over again as he has grew . but in february last year , when luca was 10 , nhs doctors told his parents there was nothing more they could do for him , and recommended he have his leg amputated , or fused straight . but his family refused to give up and combed the medical literature for alternatives , eventually coming across dr dror paley , an orthopaedic surgeon in florida . he claims to be the most experienced limb lengthening and deformity correction surgeon in the united states as well as internationally . luca was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia . at 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done for him and he would need to have his leg amputated . throughout his childhood years , luca underwent more than 60 hours of surgery as doctors tried to rebuild his legs over and over again as he has grew . dr paley said he would be able to save luca 's leg and allow him to walk , so his parents began fundraising more than £100,000 to take their son to the us . they held karaoke night , zumba night , cake sales , races , sponsored walks and convinced local companies to donate . setting up social media accounts and a website meant people could donate directly to luca 's cause . they were able to raise the cash and luca underwent his first lengthy operation on march 27 . he then had three more operations between may and november . each day for several weeks , his parents had to turn struts placed in their son 's leg to allow the bone to grow . since his return , luca ( pictured right with his mother ) is now able to walk without crutches , play tennis , cricket and even hopes to drive cars . he is pictured , left , as a baby , after being diagnosed . after nine months , on december 19 , luca and his parents returned to their home near malmesbury , wiltshire . since his return , luca has made immense progress and over the last week has been able to walk without crutches . but while the railtons are celebrating luca 's success , the ordeal is not over as he will need further surgery to lengthen his right leg in three years time . the rod inserted in his leg may also be removed and he will require a knee implant . luca said : ' it 's getting easier . it was difficult at times because of the pain . ' the highlight for me was when the frame came off on november 19 . and it makes it a lot easier to get dressed in the morning without callipers [ stints ] . i can wear skinny jeans and i just wear regular shoes now.i can wear skinny jeans and i just wear regular shoes now . 