branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as chelsea edged closer to the title with a ‘lucky’ win over queens park rangers . the football association will wait for referee andre marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the loftus road pitch . qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour . ‘ we don’t want any objects thrown on the pitch , ’ he said . ‘ hostilities between fans can go too far . if that’s the case , we’ll encourage them not to come back . ’ jubilant chelsea celebrations were marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch by the crowd . chelsea midfielder nemanja matic hands over a coin to referee andre marriner during the match on sunday . jose mourinho , who admitted chelsea ‘ were lucky’ , refused to be drawn into the controversy . ‘ the game was correct . correct on the pitch , correct in the stands . hopefully correct outside , ’ he said . ‘ if somebody throws a pound , put the pound in your pocket and go . if it’s a chocolate , eat it . no problem . ‘it’s not easy , because emotionally it’s a big game for them and us . the referee also helped , a very stable man who solves , not creates , problems in the game . ’ during the chelsea celebrations at loftus road , the blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd . the loftus road pitch was covered in litter and objects following the west london derby contest on sunday . chelsea duo nemanja matic ( left ) and branislav ivanovic react after being struck with objects . chelsea extended their lead over arsenal to seven points , with a game in hand , and mourinho added : ‘ this was a typical game for 0-0 . so , obviously , very happy with my team because we kept always good emotional control . we never lost balance , we were not under pressure ; if we’d had to go home with a point , we would have . ’ mourinho said loic remy should be available for next weekend’s home game with manchester united after sitting this one out with a calf strain . meanwhile , ramsey refused to blame green for sunday 's loss , despite the goalkeeper 's crucial mistake . cesc fabregas ' low strike , chelsea 's first shot on target , was enough to secure the win at loftus road . ' i 'm not blaming robert green . it was n't one of his best kicks , but we had a long time to defend that properly and we did n't , for the first time in the game , ' said the qpr boss . ' you have to defend it better . rob is going to be down because he 's a top player . we all make mistakes . ' why did n't we score ? that 's a mistake in itself . ‘ rob has been fantastic for this club this season . if he had not been in the form he has been , we would n't be anywhere near . i 'm hoping he does n't internalise it as his fault why we lost . ' midfielder cesc fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute . 