julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back . julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine . she 'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x-rays . these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis . ' my gp said that as far as he was concerned , my pain was the result of the scoliosis and that i should try pilates to build up my muscle strength ' . but julie , 53 , felt there was more to it - she 'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013 . as she explains : ' i 'd been doing a lot of gardening , and noticed my lower back ached afterwards , ' she says . ' at first a hot bath would sort it out , but as the months passed i found the aching was bad after strenuous activity , such as diy , and did n't go away after a bath any more . ' painkillers were of little help . ' if i made a sudden movement , i 'd experience a sharp , pinching pain in my lower spine that would take my breath away and force me to stop whatever i was doing . ' a month after seeing her gp , and feeling increasingly desperate , julie , an administrator , who is divorced with two grown-up children , and lives in bushey , herts , used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , robert lee . the consultant ordered an mri scan , which showed that she did have some scoliosis and her discs had signs of wear and tear , suggesting arthritis . but crucially the radiographer spotted that julie 's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged . it contained a tumour . cases like julie 's are why some experts feel that too often back pain is written off as something that is to be endured , rather than investigated . ' eighty per cent of people will experience an episode of severe back pain in their lifetime - but only 8 per cent of these go on to suffer chronic pain , ' says peter hamlyn , a neurosurgeon at university college hospital london and the spine surgery london . ' many of these chronic sufferers are simply dismissed as having 'non-specific low back pain ' . ' that term needs to be abandoned and early referral for investigation and diagnosis-based treatment should instead become the norm . ' back pain is ' very often under-investigated ' , adds surgeon robert lee , of the spire hospital in bushey . ' this means that treatable conditions such as disc prolapses , osteoporotic fractures , deformity , infection and tumours can be missed . ' she sought a second opinion from a private surgeon , who sent her for an mri scan . he adds : ' most back pain is the result of muscular strains , and is short-lived . ' as long as there are no ' red flag ' symptoms - such as numbness around the groin and difficulties passing urine or with your bowels - then painkillers and physiotherapy are good approaches . ' however , an mri should be offered when back pain goes on for eight weeks or more so that you know what you are dealing with and can treat this accordingly . ' for instance , arthritis may be relieved with a simple painkilling spinal injection . if the pain is being caused by a nerve being compressed , treatment may involve surgery . around 1,000 people a year are diagnosed with tumours - benign or malignant - that start in the spine . in many cases , a growth on the spine will be a benign notochordal tumour . these are made of tissue left over from embyronic cells which help form a baby 's spinal cord . by the time a baby is born , these cells should have disappeared - if they remain , and nobody knows why this happens , they can develop into tumours . it 's estimated that 14 per cent of people have this kind of benign tumour on their spine and , in most , these are harmless . much more rarely , spinal tumours are malignant . sometimes these are secondary to cancer elsewhere in the body , particularly breast , brain or pancreatic cancer . cancer cells often go to the bones with the greatest blood supply , which includes the spine . these , too , can cause back pain . less commonly , the problem is a malignant tumour called a chordoma that originates in the spine . typically , they occur in adults between ages 40 and 70 , and often they are detected late - patients live on average just six years after diagnosis . a very observant radiologist spotted a tumour , which was removed . chordomas can occur anywhere along the spine , and the later symptoms such as back pain , numbness , aching and tingling can be mistaken for more minor strains or disc problems . as they get bigger , they may also cause changes in bowel and bladder function , and weakness of the arms and legs . in up to 40 per cent of patients they spread to the lungs , liver , bones , and skin . although it was apparent from her mri that julie had a tumour , it was impossible to tell if it was cancerous or benign . the only options were to remove the entire coccyx , or leave the tumour and scan every few months to see if it grew . mr lee recommended removing it . ' the coccyx is n't a necessary part of our anatomy . in fact , it 's simply the remains of a tail from an earlier stage in our evolution , ' he says . julie had her operation in october 2013 . her coccyx was removed , complete with the 2cm tumour inside it . the tumour was sent for testing and was found to be malignant . however , it was surrounded by healthy tissue within the bone , which meant it had not spread . ' i asked mr lee to tell me the results over the phone , ' julie recalls . ' i did n't know what to feel as i was in the very strange position of not actually knowing i had cancer until i was cured . ' following the surgery , sitting hurt so much that julie was off work for six weeks . she now has a three-inch scar , and will need scans every year for five years - ' but after that we would consider her cured , ' says mr lee . ' if the tumour was found later , the outcome could have been much bleaker . ' ironically , after the operation , julie still has back pain as a result of her arthritis . but she feels that dealing with the pain is nothing compared with what might have been . ' i 'm so pleased i made a fuss instead of leaving things , ' she says . brainandspine.org.uk .