a gold trinket box presented to an officer famous for losing his leg at the battle of waterloo has sold for more than £100,000 . the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge , whose stoic exchange with the duke of wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history . in a famous example of the british stiff upper lip , after realising he was gravely wounded uxbridge turned to the british military commander and said ' by god , sir , i 've lost my leg ' , to which wellington replied ' by god , sir , so you have ! ' auctioned : this gold trinket box , presented to lord uxbridge for his heroics in the battle of waterloo , was sold to a private collector for more than £100,000 . his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction . the gold irish freedom box was given to the aristocrat , who was by then marquess of anglesey , in 1828 by trinity college dublin when he served as lord lieutenant of ireland . the top has a finely embossed coat of arms with a frame of rocaille shells and foliage around it and the base has another coat of arms with a similar border . the cover coat of arms is lord uxbridge 's , otherwise known as field marshal henry william paget . the coat of arms on the base is that of trinity college dublin . famed for losing his leg : lord uxbrige commanded 13,000 allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery at the battle of waterloo . piece of history : the 18-carat gold irish freedom box was given to the aristocrat , who was by then marquess of anglesey , in 1828 by trinity college dublin when he served as lord lieutenant of ireland . the box is about three-and-a-half inches long and weighs just six ounces . it was sold by bonhams to a private collector for £100,900 . jon baddeley , managing director at bonhams knightsbridge , said : ' the battle of waterloo was one of the most significant military encounters of the 19th century and the outcome had a profound effect on the future of europe so not surprisingly there was a lot of public interest is this sale and the bidding from collectors was fierce . ' lord uxbrige commanded 13,000 allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery at the battle of waterloo . at around 2:30pm , at a crucial stage in the battle , he led a charge of the 2,000 heavy cavalry of the household brigade and the union brigade to push back the french . the charge succeeded in sweeping the french infantry away but lord uxbridge was unable to rally his troops , who ran on in pursuit and were cut up by counter-attacking french cavalry . first ever prosthetic leg : when uxbridge lost his leg he is said to have stoically remarked ' by god , sir , i 've lost my leg ' . this wooden limb , the firtst ever articulated wooden limb , was designed for him and remains in the cavalry museum at plas newydd , on the isle of anglesey , wales . he spent the rest of the battle leading a series of charges by british light cavalry formations , and had eight or nine horses shot from under him . one of the last cannon shots fired on june 18 1815 hit his right leg - requiring it to be amputated above the knee . after being wounded , lord uxbridge was transported to his headquarters in the village of waterloo . the remains of his leg were removed by surgeons - without antiseptic or anaesthetics . bloody encounter : a painting of the battle of waterloo by william holmes sullivan . another famous anecdote records the officer as saying ' the knives appear somewhat blunt ' as he underwent the horrendous procedure . in recognition of his gallantry , the prince regent created him marquess of anglesey and made him a knight grand cross of the order of the bath five days after the battle . on the one day of fighting at the battle of waterloo there were close to 55,000 either killed , wounded , or missing in action from both sides . the staggering density of the injured men - around 2,291 per mile on the front line - compared with 234 over the same area on the first day of the battle of the somme in 1916 - meant that a huge number were left to bleed to death on the battlefield .