a devastated couple has launched a desperate search for their beloved pet cat after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york . felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport . the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , joseph naaman , who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane – that felix was able to get out and run away . jennifer stewart and husband , joseph naaman , pictured with their cat , felix , who disappeared april 1 . jennifer told mailonline travel that she is n't satisfied with the way felix 's crate was secured and transported on the etihad airways flight . she said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open , apparently when one of the straps got caught on something as it was being moved to a cargo bay after the april 1 flight . she said : ' to find out how he was transported , i was horrified , i was sick . they basically strapped him in like he was an old box . ' if i had known he was going to travel like that we would have looked for other alternatives . ' he is a part of our family . he 's like a dog . he plays fetch and hide and seek , and he 's the coolest little cat . ' the couple was told that the plastic crate broke open after one of the ropes became tangled on something . felix 's plastic pet carrier was tied down to a metal pallet while he was transported on the plane . jennifer said she is n't sure which company was responsible for transferring felix from the plane , but a cargo manager called her and her husband into an office after they landed to deliver the bad news . ' we were in shock that this happened . at first i thought he was going to tell me that [ felix ] died . ' he told me his cage was crushed . ' while in abu dhabi she spent weeks researching the best way to transport felix and she initially booked a ticket with a different airline , but there was a problem with the reservation and she was forced to switch to their flight and felix 's to etihad airways . felix the cat disappeared after his crate was damaged after a flight from abu dhabi to new york . owner jennifer stewart said she spent weeks researching the best way to transport felix to the us . jennifer , a yoga instructor , and joseph , a strategy consultant , couple spent $ 1,200 ( £800 ) to bring felix to the us with them after living in the united arab emirates for three years . they adopted him seven months ago after they found him wandering on the street in their abu dhabi neighbourhood , and they never gave any thought to leaving him behind . the couple has n't given up hope that felix will be found , and has sought help from a non-profit organisation , where is jack ? , which provided a dog that is trained to track down animals based on their scent . jennifer and joseph have n't given up hope and plan to return to the airport to search for felix . the couple adopted the two-year-old cat seven months ago after he was abandoned in their neighbourhood . they searched the airport on saturday , but were unable to access secure areas , and plan to return tomorrow morning to look for felix again . an etihad airways spokesperson told mailonline travel that it is investigating felix’s disappearance and continues to search for the cat . the spokesperson said : ‘ we are working with the ground handlers and other third-party specialists , paid for by etihad airways , to locate the cat . ‘ we deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search . jennifer and joseph have enlisted the help of a non-profit organisation to locate the cat at jfk airport . etihad airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists ' to find the cat . ‘ we will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets travelling with etihad airways is a top priority . ’ etihad cargo carries more than 200 animals each year and it is ‘ extremely rare’ for one to escape , the spokesperson added . mailonline travel has contacted the port authority of new york and new jersey , which oversees the airport , for comment .