a fireman who owned a flat in which five members of the same family were murdered in an arson attack – including three children under five – has been charged with their manslaughter through gross negligence . jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn , north wales . his tenant lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , miss shiers’s nephew bailey , four , and niece skye , two , were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat owned by liptrot . charged : jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn , north wales . pictured , the fire-damaged front room after the arson attack . victims : his tenant lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , miss shiers’s nephew bailey , four , right , and niece skye , two , left , were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat . melanie smith , 45 , a neighbour of the victims , was jailed for life for murdering the family . the jobless alcoholic set fire to a pushchair in october 2012 because she was fed up with it being left outside her door . liptrot , who then owned 12 properties in prestatyn , gave evidence at smith’s trial at mold crown court . the jury heard there were battery-operated smoke alarms in the flat , but the windows did not open wide enough for anyone to climb out – and the only other means of escape was through the front door . yesterday , liptrot was bailed after appearing at prestatyn magistrates’ court charged with five counts of manslaughter . he indicated that he would plead not guilty when his trial begins at mold crown court on friday . sentenced : jobless alcoholic melanie smith , 45 , left , a neighbour of the victims , was jailed for life for murdering the family . right , the entrance door which was damaged in the arson attack . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .