england international ben morgan has delivered an encouraging fitness bulletin as he continues to recover from a season-ending injury and retain the hope of keeping alive his world cup dream . the gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his left leg during an aviva premiership game against saracens in early january . but the signs suggest he is on course to play a part during england 's world cup warm-up period ahead of the tournament kicking off in mid-september . ben morgan is hopeful of featuring for england at the forthcoming world cup despite his long-term injury . morgan last featured for england when he scored two tries during their victory over australia five months ago . injury then struck , and he missed the entire rbs 6 nations campaign as a result . the 26-year-old , though , remains an integral part of england boss stuart lancaster 's world cup plans , and the current prognosis is a good one after morgan recently underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg . ' to be honest , i have not found this difficult at all , ' said 27 times-capped morgan , after watching his gloucester colleagues continue their preparations for friday night 's european challenge cup final against edinburgh . ' i am really positive and using this as a great experience to make myself better for when i come back . who else gets six months off to rest up and train hard ? ' yes , i will be at a disadvantage in terms of the fact i have n't played any rugby . ' but looking at the world cup in particular , there will be lads who would n't have played for probably two and a bit months going into the first ( warm-up ) game , so everyone is going to be on an equal playing field . ' things are going well at the moment . i am just trying to make sure i get back healthy when i come back . gloucester no 8 morgan broke his left leg playing against saracens in the aviva premiership in january . ' i have a lot of strengthening to do around my legs - in the early stages you do n't want to rush that . when things strengthen up , that 's when i can start chucking some serious tin around . ' i had an operation last week . it is a case of seeing if things affect my ankle , and if they do n't , then i can do them again . ' it is very reactive . i just have to take it day by day . it could be a couple of weeks down the line or a couple of months down the line when i run again , but there is no point rushing this sort of thing . ' lancaster is due to name a 45-man world cup training squad next month , followed by his final 31-man group for the tournament in late august . england 's world cup preparations , meanwhile , also feature home and away games against france in august , plus a september appointment with reigning six nations champions ireland at twickenham . morgan last played for england during his side 's victory against the wallabies at twickenham in november . reflecting on the injury , morgan added : ' it was tough , but it was one of those things . it happens - deal with it . ' if i start thinking about what i missed out on , i 'm just going to become negative . i have this mindset going forward about living the law of attraction . ' it is basically positivity breeds positivity . if you get that positive mindset , you attract everything into your life that is positive . i 'm thinking of this as a positive experience . ' i can get bigger , better , faster , stronger and improve myself as a player before i come back . i can use this to my advantage . otherwise i could sit there and fester and get fat , lazy and never come back . ' i sat in the hospital and thought to myself ' okay , it 's done . how long is it going to take me to get back ? '' ' ideally , i would like to be back playing in those warm-up games because that gives me a shot of getting in the squad . ' there are so many variables about what can happen , though . ' i might get a couple of months down the line and think that realistically i 'm not going to get back , so think about next season instead . i have to look after myself . ' yes , i desperately want to get back and put myself in contention , but i 'm not going to do anything that is detrimental to my health . ' right at this moment , i am in a great place . '