arsenal defender calum chambers has enjoyed a promising start to his career in north london , with his versatility proving a key asset in the gunners backline and is adamant he will play a central part in their future success . during a fine debut season chambers , who signed from southampton last july for £16million , has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for arsenal . there was a point before christmas when wenger admitted to overplaying chambers with only santi cazorla ( 45 ) , alexis sanchez ( 44 ) and per mertesacker ( 40 ) having appeared more times for the gunners this campaign . arsenal defender calum chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with the north london club . having signed last summer , wenger told the 20-year-old he will utilise him at centre back , with world cup winner per mertesacker returning late from the german triumph in brazil : ‘ we went to austria during pre-season and had a training session . the manager told me , “you’re going to be training as a centre-half here because you may have an opportunity to play there at the start of the season” , ’ chambers told the sun . ‘ so i trained at centre-half a few times and it went from there . i made my debut in the community shield at wembley and started a lot of games , premier league and champions league in that position . ’ chambers ( centre ) celebrates as arsenal continue a recent run of form to go second in the premier league . arsenal 's defender has gone from strength to strength following £16million move from southampton in 2014 . chambers caught the eye during his start to life at the emirates and was also deployed at right back and in a central holding midfield role . however chambers is determined to see his future in central defence for club and country . ‘ i don’t want to be known as a utility player who just slots in here , there and everywhere as i want my own secured position . but it’s good for me because it’s giving me more opportunities to get game time under my belt . ‘long-term , i think i’ll end up as a central defender . it’s my favourite position . ’ chambers works hard in training ( left ) as the gunners prepare to face reading in the fa cup semi-final . calum chambers enjoyed his recent england trip to the czech republic with the under 21 side .