mexican restaurant chipotle has been leaving customers hungry for certain ingredients unsatisfied because not enough farms can meet its strict standards . the fast-casual chain , which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year , removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january , but still does n't have a stable supply of the meat . chipotle , which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year , only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones , though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen . fast-casual chain chipotle says that it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for its carnitas burritos ( file photo ) . ' we don’t know for sure when we’ll be fully supplied again , ' chipotle spokesman chris arnold told bloomberg . the restaurant 's pigs also need access to the outdoors and living spaces with large supplies of straw for their meat to make it into chipotle burritos , tacos and bowls . other retailers such as grocery store chain kroger have begun taking up some of chipotle 's ethical standards . mcdonald 's pledged to stop using chickens treated with antibiotics at its stores in the next two years . the grocer and dunkin donuts have both said they will stop using pork from farms with gestation crates , where sows are kept in two-foot wide containers and are repeatedly impregnated without being able to move . the carnitas pork shoulder meat at chipotle ( pictured in burrito ) comes from pigs that are raised outside or in living spaces with large supplies of straw ( file photo ) . however , fewer than five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way that meets chipotle 's standards , according to cbs . it has been rotating its small supply of pork , of which it uses only pork shoulder , to different stores so that each location can have carnitas at least sometimes . farmers are wary of the increased production cost for premium , antibiotic-free pork and worry about finding people to pay an appropriate price for the ' premium ' meat after denver-based chipotle has the bits it wants . chipotle said that supply constraints were behind 6.3 per cent price increases last year . as of thursday morning , its stock price had fallen more than five points since news of the continued shortage was published wednesday . chipotle says that constraints on receiving supplies that met their standards led to 6.3 per cent price increases last year ( file photo ) . when sustainably raised beef runs out , the store uses conventionally raised cows , but it views the conditions of factory farmed pigs by the world 's biggest pork producers as particularly bad . beyond the farming side , regular us pork production was also criticized earlier this year by meat inspectors after several of the nation 's slaughterhouses transferred to a new system that increases the numbers of hogs killed per minute to 1,300 . whistleblowers from the united states department of agriculture said that toenails , hair and fecal matter may be creeping into americans ' pork under the new regulations . chipotle 's most popular protein is chicken , with only seven per cent of entree orders calling for carnitas . the restaurant has also warned of possible guacamole shortages .