the duke and duchess of cambridge have moved back to kensington palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby , mailonline can reveal today . the couple , whose second child is due on saturday , returned to their london base , just a few minutes’ drive from the private lindo wing at st mary’s , paddington , on sunday night after spending the weekend at kate’s family home in berkshire , where they took a trip to their local farm park . the news came as kensington palace revealed william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks’ paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess . scroll down for video . reunited : prince william , pictured with his wife last month , has finished his air ambulance pilot training early so he is guaranteed to be with the duchess of cambridge when she goes into labour . change : until today the second in line to the throne , who is a trainee pilot with the east anglia air ambulance in norfolk , had been expected to still be working around the time his wife is expecting their new baby . a royal spokesman announced that the second in line to the throne had completed his latest stage of his training as a pilot with east anglia air ambulance ( eaaa ) ‘ earlier than expected’ - and would not be required to embark on the final stage until june 1 . the future king had already announced that he planned to take two weeks’ statutory paternity leave after the birth . with his enforced absence from work happily coinciding with the birth of his second child , william will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave , aides said , with immediate effect . good timing ? prince harry , pictured in australia , also announced today that he will be back in the uk to watch the london marathon on sunday , meaning he may also get to meet his future niece or nephew . the palace also announced that prince harry , who is currently on deployment with the australian army , will briefly return to the uk this weekend to present the winners’ medals at sunday’s london marathon and , if all goes to plan , meet his new niece or nephew . harry – who is soon to drop down a place in the line of succession to fifth – is already travelling over to attend the gallipoli campaign centenary commemorations with his father , prince charles , on thursday . the prince , who is patron of the london marathon charitable trust , will return to australia on monday to continue his placement . the mail understands that in recent days the duchess , who carried out her last public engagement in march , has been taking her mind off the impending birth by spending a few days with her parents , michael and carole middleton , at their sprawling georgian mansion in bucklebury , berkshire . on sunday she and carole took her eldest son , prince george , for a visit to nearby bucklebury farm park where youngsters can meet a variety of animals from lambs to wild boar and enjoy a large outdoor playground . the little prince is a frequent visitor to the park with both his mother , nanny and grandmother . kate appeared unbothered by her pregnancy , according to onlookers , as she carried and cuddled george , accompanied by a low-key scotland yard security detail . the family returned to london on sunday night to make last minute preparations for the latest addition to their family , who will become fourth in line to the throne . in a statement today a kensington palace spokesman confirmed that william , who is employed by a private company , bond air services , while working for the eaaa , had sailed through his initial training so quickly that he would now be able to be with his wife both before and after the birth . plans : kate plans deliver her child at the lindo wing , where the cost of giving birth naturally is up to £10,000 , and where their son george was july 2013 . they said : ‘ the duke of cambridge has completed the first phase of his in-work air ambulance helicopter pilot training with bond air services earlier than anticipated . ‘ this is due to a combination of the duke performing well in the various modules and having very good flying conditions that allowed flight training and assessment to progress more quickly than had been planned . ’ the duke was the first member of the royal family to take advantage of statutory paternity leave , which was introduced in the uk in 2003 . after the birth of his son george he took two weeks off while working on anglesey . with his second child due on saturday william will now be off work until june 1 , although it will be unpaid , palace sources say . government rules state fathers are paid £139.58-a-week for a maximum of two weeks . it is understood the prince will not claim it . fathers are entitled to two weeks paid paternity leave and up to 26 weeks’ additional paid leave if the child’s mother returns to work . the spokesman explained that given the lengthy gap between now and the final stage of his training , the prince has been on unpaid leave since friday . he will undertake a handful of public engagements in late may , likely to include joining his grandmother , the queen , at a buckingham palace garden party , before recommencing his training at the start of the following month . his spokesman added : ‘ his final block of in-work training requires an uninterrupted three week block of working time and the availability of the new ec145 helicopter that will be used for missions . this has always been scheduled to commence on 1st june , following a pre-planned period of official royal engagements in late may , details of which will be announced in due course . ‘ as he now will not have any further training to complete after returning from paternity leave , he will not return to duties with bond until that time , and will remain on unpaid leave until then . ’ while it is unlikely the new little prince or princess will become monarch , it is not unheard of . the queen’s own father became george vi after the abdication of his elder brother , edward viii , over his love for american divorcee wallis simpson . the current monarch celebrated her 89th birthday quietly with her husband , prince philip , at windsor castle where she is holding easter court . not only has she now entered her 90th remarkable year , but the queen will soon also become the longest reigning monarch in british history .