it 's all pep guardiola 's fault ; him and the good folk of scotland or , at least , st andrews . it is a simplification , of course , but perhaps a useful way of understanding why , as we survey the champions league quarter finals , there are no premier league clubs troubling the scorers . bayern munich take on porto on wednesday night and even though they are contending with an injury crisis which leaves them without bastian schweinsteiger , franck ribery and arjen robben among others you might anticipate a sixth champions league semi-final for guardiola in his six years of management . of course guardiola is n't alone responsible for the decline of the premier league in europe ; nor is it really down to st andrews , though the iconic town with its genteel ambience played its part in continental europe overhauling the english clubs . pep guardiola prepares his side for their champions league quarter-final first leg against porto . the bayern boss gives instructions to his goalkeeper manuel neuer at a training session on tuesday . something happened back in 2008 when guardiola took over at barcelona and it was n't that the barcelona team changed . frank rijkaard had virtually the same players but guardiola managed to find an extra 25 per cent of performance in them . what happened was a tactical change which had at its roots in st andrews , where the barcelona team spent their first pre season under guardiola . there messi was a distracted individual , sometimes sneering at guardiola 's insistence on organisation and pressing , according to guillem balague 's account in his biographies of messi and guardiola . but a breakthrough came when guardiola stuck up for messi in his battle with the club to play for argentina in the beijing olympics . the new manager took the young argentinian under his wing , sidling up to him after training , putting his arm round him to assure him of his support . guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth champions league semi-final in his six years as a manager . guardiola got messi on side in 2008 after standing up for him in battle to represent argentina at the beijing olympics . messi , the precocious star , suddenly felt he had an ally in guardiola . and , as a result , he began to buy into guardiola 's idea of relentless pressing to supplement the tiki taka football , which was already a template at barcelona . for tiki taka is not what made guardiola’s team great . ' i loathe all that passing for the sake of it , all that tiki-taka . it 's rubbish and has no purpose . ' it sounds like sam allardyce , but those are the words of the great high priest of possession football as reported by marti perarnau in his book pep confidential . what guardiola added to barcelona’s game was the intensity , drive and sheer energy which had wilted under rijkaard and then moulded it with overwhelming possession . sometimes , when assessing the english problem in europe , it helps to reverse the question . so , rather than ask ' why are we so bad now ? ' it useful to identify why were we so good between 2005-2009 ? ' guardiola led barcelona to champions league glory in 2009 and 2011 ( pictured ) . the former barcelona manager is thrown into the air by his players as they celebrate the 2011 success . for chelsea fans pointing to the 2012 triumph , that it was indeed a victory of rare courage amidst adversity but the decline of english clubs had already begun and that win is effectively an outlier , bucking the established trend . between 2005-2009 the premier league provided 12 out of the potential 20 semi finalists for the champions league ; between 2010 to 2015 it has provided three out of 24 . even asking that question is revealing as what english clubs were really good at during that period was making the semi finals and the final rather than winning the trophy . only liverpool and manchester united actually achieved that in the five-year period of english ascendancy , though , of course , chelsea did so improbably in 2012 . what was different about english clubs in that period was the injection of some of the finest tactical minds in the game to the premier league . jose mourinho may never have won the trophy with chelsea but he transformed their approach and arguably provided the foundations for the 2008 final and the remarkable 2012 win . rafael benitez was an extraordinary force , the diego simeone of that era , regularly out-witting mourinho and taking a relatively normal liverpool team to two finals . guus hiddink engineered a fine run to the semi finals building on the work of mourinho . manchester united won the champions league in 2008 when english clubs were dominating the latter stages . chelsea were an exception to the rule in 2012 when they won the tournament against all the odds . rising to the challenge of mourinho and benitez , sir alex ferguson was tactically at his peak in that period , playing without a recognised centre foward at times in 2008 before guardiola and others made it fashionable . english teams had always had an intensity with which continental teams had sometimes struggled to cope . what they had lacked often was organisation and tactical nous . benitez , mourinho , hiddink provided that and ferguson responded . put all that together and you have a cultural melting pot which , allied to the commercial success of the premier league , was pushing players and teams to new heights . the premier league’s tv money of course brought in good , technical foreign players which helped but that does not seem to be the key reason for its success . the money is bigger now and those players still come but it has n't helped manchester city . at the zenith of the premier league 's dominance , the 2008 moscow final , ten english players started the game . manchester city were eliminated in the last 16 this season at the hands of barcelona . chelsea exited at the same stage as england have no representatives in the quarter-finals . when jurgen klinsmann spoke about the tactical revolution he was attempting to forge in germany in 2006 - a style of play which has since evolved at borussia dortmund and bayern munich - he explicitly referenced the premier league and its pace . he recognised that continental europe had fallen behind . it was new tactical ideas meeting the traditional attributes of the english game which helped the premier league dominate europe . conversely , it was guardiola - and others , such as jurgen klopp , louis van gaal , jupp heynckes - surpassing that intensity which in turn overhauled the premier league . clubs such as barca , bayern , dortmund have retained their technical superiority over english clubs but they are now likely to out-run them and out-press them . in reality there is no one man responsible for that change . and , guardiola 's obsession with pressing is rooted in an admiration for south american football and especially marcelo bielsa , rather than the premier league . but when that change took place , the premier league lost its competitive edge . and when guardiola put his arm around messi at st andrews back in the summer of 2008 and convinced his young protege to buy into that pressing game , european football changed forever .