a new york-based writer who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny , is blaming plus-size retailer lane bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war — and has published candid photos of herself wearing the brand 's lingerie to illustrate the problem . in an essay published on xojane , amanda richards hit out at lane bryant’s recent i’m no angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant victoria’s secret . the clothing store , which carries us sizes 14 to 28 , has been applauded for the new campaign , which shows plus-size models looking sexy in the brand 's lingerie . but while many people responded that it was encouraging to see women of different sizes being portrayed as sexy , offering a counterpoint to stick-thin models like victoria 's secret angels candice swanepoel , behati prinsloo , and lily aldridge , amanda takes issue with its message . regular girl : writer amanda dobbins says lane bryant 's new i 'm no angel ad campaign does n't show plus-size women of different proportions . ' i do n't think it 's particularly healthy or progressive to pit fat bodies against thin bodies , ' she says . amanda explains that part of the problem is that lane bryant 's ads do n't actually show women of all sizes , but rather a subset of overweight women who still have ' correct ' proportions , with flatter stomachs and larger busts . ' i have never once seen a lane bryant customer with a body that is represented , even a little bit , in any of lane bryant 's advertising campaigns , myself included , ' she said . so the self-described 'body-positive ' blogger has taken to social media , posting photos of herself in lane bryant underwear to her instagram account in a ' small offering of solidarity ' with other women of varying sizes who feel unrepresented in fashion ads . at size 18 , amanda admits , ' i 'm no model ' — but adds that her body type is also not so unusual . body positive : amanda hopes to promote positive body image and wants more retailers to advertise toward women of varying sizes . no retouching : the new york-based blogger posted photos of herself that showed off her figure and stretch marks . she continues to say that she hopes brands like lane bryant will learn from women like her , as well as other plus-size women on social media , that customers want to see diverse models in their ads campaigns . lane bryant , however , insists its i 'm no angel campaign is diverse and represents ' the woman who unapologetically celebrates herself ' . ' this campaign is intended to celebrate all women coming together to redefine the ideals of beauty , ' lane bryant representative toyin graham told bustle . ' this campaign message is all inclusive . our issue is not with certain sizes of women , it’s with media’s definition of ideal beauty ' . but amanda believes it is not enough , saying : ' we do n't derive self-worth from seeing diverse images , but we do find power and solidarity and learn to appreciate our own individuality in relationship to others . ' taking charge : amanda says she 's tired of being told to settle for plus-size fashion taking ' baby steps ' . ' i ca n't imagine what the legions of other women , the ones who are strikingly different from these models , must feel , ' she adds . since publishing the photos of herself in lingerie , amanda has started sharing images of other plus-size women stripped down on her instagram as well in the hopes that an influx of images of diverse body types will help to spark change . ' i 'm so tired of being told that i should be happy with # plussize fashion and representation taking `` baby steps '' , ' she wrote on twitter . ' we are women . we are big women . we should not be taking baby steps . we should be taking big loud rumbling grown a** woman steps . [ sic ] '