greg hardy has been suspended by the nfl after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year . hardy , who signed with the dallas cowboys last month , will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games . this comes almost one year after hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge in charlotte , north carolina of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , nicki holder . those charges were later dropped on an appeal when holder could not be located to testify . scroll down for video . the nfl announced today that greg hardy ( above ) would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . hardy ( above ) was convicted by a judge last july of beating , strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend nicki holder . the decision to ban hardy followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . hardy was informed in a letter by nfl commissioner roger goodell that the probe determined there was ' sufficient credible evidence that hardy engaged in conduct that violated nfl policies in multiple respects . ' hardy was dropped by his previous team , the carolina panthers , because of these charges last season , but was still able to collect his salary during that time , which was roughly $ 770,000 a week . ' i understand that i need to step away from football right now and take care of this legal matter , ' hardy said in a statement after he was cut from the panthers . the panthers had originally agreed to wait to take action until hardy had a jury trial regarding the incident in may . his previous conviction was the result of a bench trial . a jury trial that ultimately led to all charges being dropped.holder told police that hardy choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his charlotte condo . holder ( above with hardy ) told police that hardy choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his condo . this all came at a time when the league was under heavy scrutiny in the wake of two abuse scandals involving stars ray rice and adrian peterson . many were upset with the punishments those two received , feeling the nfl was too lenient . video of rice punching then-fiancée janay palmer went public last monday , and peterson was indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child on friday for an incident in which he hit his son with a switch back in may . rice was definitely suspended from the nfl and had his contract terminated by the baltimore ravens , while peterson , who was sidelined by the minnesota vikings last sunday , has now been suspended by the team . both men are expected by many to return to play in the 2015 , with peterson back on the vikings after an nfl decision and rice winning a wrongful termination suit during the off-season . rice even pocketed roughly $ 1.6million in back pay .