a woman who suffered seven miscarriages has spoken of her distress after a family friend stole the money set aside for her babies ' grave stone . the bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . when one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off . scroll down for video . devastated : dawn , who has had seven miscarriages , was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her . the drama began when dawn , who has previously appeared on the itv talk show , discovered that £207 set aside for a £500 grave stone had disappeared . suspecting house-mate jamie and his girlfriend carol , she confronted them but was initially met with a flat denial . ' only him and carol knew where it was , ' she said during an angry confrontation on the itv show . ' me and jamie had been saving up and only carol knew where it was . ' unable to prove it , she asked mr kyle to conduct a lie detector test and when the results came back , it showed that jamie had indeed taken the cash . caught out : jamie , who has been to prison for burglary , was found to be lying after taking a test . outraged : dawn , who was going to spend the money on a gravestone , was left furious by the revelation . mr kyle also revealed that jamie had sent a facebook message to dawn during the journey to london in which he declared his undying love and confessed to taking the money but blamed it on girlfriend carol . speaking after the show , a sobbing dawn said : ' i 've had seven miscarriages and only one of them i 've had to bury . ' that was daniel james and the £207 was put aside because the head stone was going to cost £500 altogether . ' we had to stand there and say goodbye to daniel james and the last thing i wanted to do for daniel james was put a head stone on him so he knew how much his mummy and daddy loved him . i feel betrayed , horrible . you try and do a good gesture to people and then you get it thrown in your face . ' tears : she then burst into tears and rushed off the stage - pursued by the jeremy kyle cameras . sobbing : she was comforted by her partner , also called jamie , after the show .