from working sunrise until sunset to a heart-warming embrace between a girl and her horse - these stunning pictures give city dwellers a glimpse into the life and hardships faced by australians who live in our country 's most regional areas . run in conjunction with an annual cattlemen 's conference , the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer . winner : marie muldoon 's heartwarming shot took out the competition , also snagging the people 's choice award . marie muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse , titled true love . the moving photograph which speaks to the intrinsic link between man and animal was voted the overall winner , also snagging the people 's choice award . tracey hayes , chief executive of the northern territory cattlemen 's association , told the abc that the competition provides a platform for people from remote communities to illustrate what it 's like to live in rural australia . ' it 's an insight into the lives of people living on the land and a way of connecting the bush to the broader urban community , ' she said . veronica elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph eric . eric : ' it 's an insight into the lives of people living on the land and a way of connecting the bush to the broader urban community . ' the raw image captures the expressions of a rural man during an intimate moment of vulnerability . the winner of the ' industry at work or play ' category goes to jacynta coffey for her stunning shot titled sunrise draft . the photograph captures a farmers black silhouette against an amazing haze of orange light during a northern territory sunset . the competition asks for images that will illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . lastly , the ' nt landscape ' category was won by anna weir for her amazing photograph of waterlogged farm land called no.11 ammaroo . the photograph explores the intense impact mother nature can have on workers in regional areas . the annual competition was held at the northern territory cattlemen 's association 's conference . anna weir took out the landscape category with her photograph of a flooded field called no.11 ammaroo . jacynta coffey had an amazing year in 2014 as she took out the whole competition with a photo titled trucking which depicts a convoy of trucks parading through a lush green pasture . ms coffey also won the people’s choice category with her photo feeding the bulls and the nt landscape category for her photo sunset storm . trucking : this shot which represents typical station life won the competition for jacynta coffey back in 2014 . sunset storm : this breathtaking shot of a storm against green pastures won the 2014 landscape category . feeding the bulls : a photo of a small child standing by as bulls rush towards a feeding trough won the people 's choice award in 2014 . the relationship between man and animals remains a constant theme through the photography competition . tania brooks snagged 2014 's best portrait with her shot ' noo noo and toby ' .  