this is the terrifying moment a woman drives the wrong way down a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt . jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday . footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere . as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out , it pushes a red pickup truck off course . thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air . rivera told waxahachietx.com that once things came to a standstill he got out of his vehicle to see if he could offer any assistance to the parties involved before authorities arrived . the incident , which occurred just past 6pm , shut the highway for around two hours . mayeaux , from waco , texas , was transported to baylor university medical center in dallas because of the injuries she sustained during the wreck . caught on camera : this is the terrifying moment an intoxicated motorist drives the wrong way on a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt . slow down : jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday . off course : footage shows a black suv coming off at 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . lt. ron turbeville , with the waxahachie police department , said that she was found ' inebriated ' and ' smelling of alcohol ' by medics who pulled her from her crushed chevrolet suburban . he added : ' basically , based off that from the attending paramedics and firefighters , there was enough evidence there to suggest that she was drinking . ' that is the reason why we got a warrant for her blood . ' after undergoing treatment , mayeaux apparently admitted to police that she was trying to take her own life . she was released from hospital last friday . in a puff of smoke : thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air . suicide attempt : police said the driver in the chevrolet suburban suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , later admitted she was trying to take her own life . the incident , which took place just past 6pm , shut down the highway for at least two hours . paramedics also treated two occupants in the pickup truck and the semi-truck at the scene . it is not known if mayeaux will face charges and the event remains under investigation . riveria , who caught the near-fatal crash on his camera , said he remains shaken up by what he saw . he concluded : ' honestly , i am still a little disturbed by it . ' i have been watching the video quite a bit , wondering why anyone would do something like that . ' • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here www.samaritans.org . 