tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with his aston villa side on saturday and recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against tottenham to dramatically increase his team 's chances of premier league survival . sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline , so how did he fare during what is undoubtedly one of the more emotive fixtures for him ? sportsmail explains ... tim sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with aston villa against tottenham . crowd reaction . all was going well until his exuberant celebrations at the final whistle , which prompted an angry reaction from the home fans in the west stand but he merely shook his fist at them and disappeared down the tunnel . got an easy ride during the game , though , as the overmatched vlad chiriches bore the brunt of the home crowd 's frustration before he was hooked in the 78th minute . gave the villa fans a wave after they asked for one in the 16th minute . tottenham defender vlad chiriches ( left ) bore the brunt of the home fans ' dismay against villa . touchline behaviour . the bright spring day in n17 allowed to him leave his gillet indoors so there were no flying jackets this time . he did not leave his seat until the eighth minute then remained standing for the most part . little more than a subtle fist pump when christian benteke scored what proved to be the winner but his emotions poured out at the final whistle . clearly still loves having a go at 4th official , who got an earful on occasion . christian benteke ( centre ) headed the winning goal for villa on the 35th minute at white hart lane . sherwood coud not resist a lively celebration when the final whistle confirmed the victory for villa . told someone on the spurs bench to ' shut the f*** up ' as tempers flared on the bench during stoppage time . interaction . very little on this front with tony parks , who was one of his lieutenants here at spurs , doing most of the talking . stayed ice cool throughout although did nearly hit the roof when andreas weimann shot tamely at michel vorm with five minutes to go . sherwood ( centre ) celebrated in a subdued manner when benteke 's header found the back of the net . sherwood ( left ) and assistant tony parks were lively throughout the game on the touchline . did not even acknowledge sanchez as he meandered down the following his stoppage time red card . tactics . like he did here with emmanuel adebayor , sherwood has shown once again that he knows how to get a striker scoring . christian benteke , who fronted a three-pronged attack , scored the winner before the manager set his side up perfectly to deal with the second half spurs fight back , although it never seemed to come . benteke points to the sky in celebration after hitting the back of the net for villa at tottenham . sherwood has helped belgium striker benteke rediscover his scoring form since taking over . verdict . low-key return for sherwood who nailed the game plan and left with three precious points for his side . looks a different , more relaxed man to the one who could be spotted in the home technical area here during the second half of last season . although he showed a glimpse of the old tim at the final whistle as his side took a step closer to premier league safety . sherwood ( left ) hugs tottenham manager mauricio pochettino at the end of the game . 