the disney driving instructor who was killed in a lamborghini crash sunday tried to grab the wheel in a desperate attempt to prevent a collision , as investigators say the car may have been speeding in the wrong direction around the track . tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee gary terry . florida highway patrol sgt kim montes revealed tuesday that the guardrail damaged the italian car on the east side of the passenger door . desperate effort : investigators say disney driving instructor gary terry ( left ) grabbed for the wheel of an out-of-control lamborghini operated by trevor watson ( right ) and counter-steer before the car crashed into a guardrail . ' guess who 's driving a ferrari 458 italia lstrf today ? ' : watson uploaded this picture to facebook in celebration of his birthday with this message : ' but really . i thankyou lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday ' . the fhp is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite , clockwise direction of the guardrails , according to wesh-tv . montes also said that evidence suggests terry tried to grab the wheel and ' counter steer ' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck . video from inside the red lamborghini reportedly showed that the car spun three times before careening into the guardrail at 100mph , causing the vulnerable passenger door to cave in into terry . ' we 're talking his whole body received the low , ' montes noted to new york daily news . both watson and terry were wearing helmets and lap and shoulder belts . father-of-one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable . he has since been discharged . the day out at the track was a present from watson 's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision . drive : according to his linkedin terry was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience at walt disney world . outdoors : terry , 36 , originally hails from michigan and brought his love of adventure to his new home in kissimmee , florida . ' guess who 's driving a ferrari 458 italia lstrf today ? ' wrote watson . ' that 's right that 's right . i ma drive all the cars they have in one day . because i 'm a gangsta like that . lol . ' later that afternoon , watson crashed the lamborghini gallardo he was driving , killing terry , a former race car driver who was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience at walt disney world . watson does n't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track , and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal , authorities said . ' it 's not the kid 's fault . it 's a freak thing that happened , ' said timothy horvath , a terry family friend . as for terry , ' if he thought he was in any danger , he would n't have done it . ' horvath said working at the disney attraction was terry 's ' dream job . ' terry grew up in a racing family in michigan . his brother , adam , was also a race car driver . terry was married with a toddler-age daughter , said horvath , who grew up with the terry family and runs a graphics business in michigan that specializes in motor sports . ' gary was one of the best , ' horvath said . ' he was a natural-born talent behind the wheel . ' watson , a hotel bellhop , described himself on his linkedin page as self-motivated , professionally mannered , humble and ' a very quick learner . ' he told authorities he had been at the exotic driving experience before . father : gary terry is pictured here with his wife , kathy and their daughter who appears to have celebrated her first birthday in may of last year . tragic : gary terry , 36 , died and his driver was hospitalized after their lamborghini crashed at disney world . investigators from the federal occupational safety and health administration are looking into what happened . osha spokesman lindsay williams said the agency had n't previously investigated petty holdings , the company that operates the track . driving days at the track start at $ 99 and can cost as much as $ 2,500 for a full race experience with in-car video . the track is operated by petty holdings which also has exotic driving experience franchises at speedways in atlanta , dayton beach , charlotte , new jersey and texas . named after the nascar legend , richard petty , the experience lets fans drive european supercars or nascar vehicles at close to their top speeds of 200mph around an oval . ' it 's kind of scary to think accidents do happen even though they are rides and there are precautions , ' said visitor autumn stevenson to wftv . the exotic driving experience attraction lets racing fans be drivers or passengers in luxurious cars such as lamborghinis , porsches or ferraris . package : thrill seekers can pay up to $ 2,500 to experience a day driving an italian supercar such as a lamborghnin gallardo ( pictured above ) . as part of the package , visitors are accompanied by a professional driver who sits in the passenger seat providing racing advice . it is believed that was what terry was doing when he was killed in the lamborghini . the racing track is just south of the iconic magic kingdom . ' we offer our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident , ' said andrea finger , spokesperson for walt disney world resort . according tot he orlando sentinel , petty holdings llc also offered its best wishes to the victims and their families . ' on behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in orlando . ' the exotic driving experience , along with its sibling track , the richard petty driving experience , was slated to close this summer at disney world for unrelated reasons .