these hilarious images show the moment a frisky tortoise scupper his chances while trying to mate with a female . clearly in the mood for love , the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female 's shell . but instead of getting lucky , the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back . the moment things go south : the loved up male tortoise is seen here teetering before he falls on the ground . shell we just leave it then ? he gets no second chances and after failing to impress his mate and she leaves . talk about lying down on the job -the poor fella looked positively 'shell-shocked ' as it found itself on its back unable to get up . the amusing moment was caught on camera , by ukranian photographer , vadym shevchenko , 34 , at kiev zoo . and it seems the female tortoise was n't willing to wait around as she was pictured leaving the clumsy casanova on its back , in the mud . and to add insult to injury , he then had to spend a whole fifteen minutes desperately crawling across the grass of its enclosure before finally getting up . vadym said : ' the tortoise seemed very eager to make his way over to the female , he was still incredibly slow but it was clear he had a purpose . ' watching the tortoise attempt to mount the female was almost painful to watch , it took him so long , but we were all sort of curious to see what would happen . the tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate in the first place . photographer vadym shevchenko said the tortoise seemed very determined even if he was unsuccessful . ' it looked about ready to start but then lost its balance when the female moved , which sent it it rolling onto its back , it really was very funny . ' it landed in a patch of mud behind him and its arms and legs were kicking quite frantically . ' the tortoise was wedged in the small patch of mud , i do n't think it would been able to get back onto its feet without some help . flat on his back , the tortoise lost his balance when the female moved away - and he had to scrabble in the mud . she was n't too upset though and went to find some food , leaving her unfortunate partner flailing on the ground . ' the female did n't seem to upset and she quickly moved off in search of food . ' i felt pretty sorry for the little guy , it tried so hard but failed at the last hurdle . ' it makes me wonder how they have stayed alive for so many millions of years . ' seeing its face struggling in the mud was priceless , i always laugh out loud when i look back at these photographs . '