substitute eidur gudjohnsen spared bolton 's blushes with virtually the final kick of the game and denied blackpool a first away victory in 343 days in a 1-1 draw . michael jacobs ' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the bottom-of-the-table seasiders their first success on the road since they beat wanderers ' neighbours wigan on april 26 . but bolton , who have repeatedly conceded late goals themselves in recent weeks , mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when emile heskey , neil danns and gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen . blackpool 's michael jacobs ( left ) scores against bolton wanderers . bolton : amos , vela , mills , mccarthy , ream , danns , bannan , feeney ( gudjohnsen 77 ' ) , rochinha ( heskey 46 ' ) , walker ( craig davies 68 ' ) , le fondre . subs not used : bogdan , moxey , dervite , trotter . booked : feeney , vela . goals : gudjohnsen 90 ' . blackpool : lewis , hall , clarke , o'dea , dunne , cubero , o'hara , perkins , orlandi ( barkhuizen 84 ' ) , madine , jacobs . subs not used : delfouneso , oliver , parish , ferguson , telford , samuel . booked : clarke , madine , lewis . goals : jacobs 9 ' . referee : david coote . attendance : 17,076 . it was at this very venue that blackpool boss lee clark pulled off a great escape on the final day of last season at the helm of birmingham , who scored in the third minute of stoppage time to prevent relegation into the third tier , but this time he was on the wrong end of some late drama . in recent weeks clark had publicly accepted the seasiders , who remain 16 points from safety , were doomed but rotherham 's defeat to blues 24 hours earlier meant they kicked off knowing they would not be relegated at the macron stadium . that may have instilled a freedom to clark 's troops and the home crowd were stunned into silence by jacobs ' early opener . he collected a long , direct ball down the right , turned on the afterburners to accelerate away from josh vela and paddy mccarthy and lashed beyond ben amos in the bolton goal . things could have been worse for the shell-shocked hosts too as peter clarke headed straight at amos and an unmarked andrea orlandi glanced over from six yards . clark 's men continued to ask questions , with jose miguel cubero 's rising effort deflected narrowly away from the top corner of amos ' net . bolton wanderers ' josh vela and blackpool 's jamie o'hara ( right ) vie for the ball . tangerines stopper joe lewis made a couple of smart stops to deny winger liam feeney and centre-back mccarthy but there was a malaise about bolton 's play which neil lennon had been so keen to avoid pre-match . in the second half , amos failed to clear a corner and clarke leant back and skewed his effort over the top before jacobs cut in from the left flank and bent a brilliant effort just wide . lewis had been largely untroubled apart from a routine save from tom walker but he was stranded at the other end of his goal when adam le fondre cut the ball across for an onrushing barry bannan , who somehow placed his side-footed strike against the outside of the post . lennon had started with just one striker but introduced three off the bench by bringing on heskey , craig davies and gudjohnsen . the hosts ' chance looked to have gone when lewis stopped mccarthy 's header and o'hara scrambled mills ' try off the line but there was still time for a dramatic finale . heskey looked certain to nod bannan 's back-post cross in but when he could not connect , the ball came back out to danns , whose volley was helped in by gudjohnsen on the line , with blackpool fuming about an offside flag which never came .                     