nasa could afford to send us astronauts to mars orbit by 2033 and onto the red planet 's surface by 2039 , a new report has claimed . the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 , leading up to a crewed landing on the red planet in 2039 . it concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within nasa 's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back . scroll down for video . the planetary society says nasa can afford a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 , leading up to a crewed landing on the red planet in 2039 . the phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months , with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit , the panelists said . crewmembers would be able to study phobos and deimos , mars ' other moon , and potentially teleoperate rovers on the martian surface . the panel said the current plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit and back down . ' we believe we now have an example of a long-term , cost-constrained , executable humans-to-mars program , ' scott hubbard , a professor in the stanford university department of aeronautics and astronautics and a member of the planetary society 's board of directors , said . ' this workshop was an important step in community-building among the many groups interested in mars science and exploration . ' the society 's ceo ( and former tv ' science guy ' ) bill nye , said : ' getting humans to mars is far more complex than getting to earth 's moon , ' said nye . ' but space exploration brings out the best in us . ' by reaching consensus on the right set of missions , we can send humans to mars without breaking the bank . ' the workshop 's 70 attendees discussed the technical feasibility , affordability and benefits of a proposed schedule to get humans into orbit around mars and eventually onto the planet 's surface , using a detailed plan was not created by the planetary society , but was proposed in a separate report co-created by nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory . phobos is the larger and inner of the two natural satellites of mars , the other being deimos . both moons were discovered in 1877 . the workshop ' reached a consensus ' on a series of key points , including that an orbital mission would be required prior to a crewed mission to the surface of mars , and an independent cost estimate showed that the program would fit into the nasa budget , assuming the agency ' ends its lead role in the international space station . ' the 2033 orbital mission was identified as the crucial first step of the plan , comparing it to nasa 's apollo 8 mission , which took astronauts into orbit around the moon before humans landed on the satellite 's surface . the phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months , with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit , the panelists said . crewmembers would be able to study phobos and deimos , mars ' other moon , and potentially teleoperate rovers on the martian surface . the panel said the current plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit and back down . ' while the conditions for another apollo-era kennedy moment do n't exist , we have a highly skilled scientific engineering and policy community that is eager to get going on sending humans to mars , ' said dr. john logsdon , workshop co-chair and professor emeritus , space policy institute , elliott school of international affairs , george washington university . ' we believe the consensus points achieved during this workshop can get us moving down the path to the red planet . ' the ' humans orbiting mars ' workshop took place in washington , d.c . various forms of propulsion have been touted for a mission to mars , including chemical , ion ( electric ) and nuclear . but while nuclear is often said to be the ' holy grail ' , the team found it did not noticeably shorten the mission over other versions . shown is an illustration of a concept mars transfer vehicle . logsdon said he thinks a decision on whether to adopt the plan is ' an issue for the next president . ' hubbard said that , in the past , mars missions may have been limited by technological or scientific challenges , but that no longer appears to be the case . ' in the past , when the question of humans to mars came up , i would typically cite a number of major hurdles : biomedical , launch systems and so forth , ' he said . ' and as of today , i think that those risks have either been reduced or you know how to minimize them , and so i am at the same place that john [ logsdon ] and bill [ nye ] [ are ] , that i think the issue now is [ … ] political will . ' shown is a graph of the different types of propulsion for a mission to mars , how much they would weigh and their travel time . cece is a type of chemical propulsion , nerva is nuclear propulsion , rit-xt is ion ( electric ) propulsion and pemt is pure electro-magnetic thrust . owing to the orbits of earth and mars there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . our planets come as close to each other as 33.9 million miles ( 54.6 million km ) , but can be as distant as 250 million miles ( 400 million km ) . for this reason spacecraft to mars , such as the curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . the next window is open from january 2016 to april 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . for a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in one , which will take two years in total . just getting there will take up to nine months . the astronauts will be there waiting for a year until they can come back - a total of around three years .     