john carver is threatening changes when newcastle face liverpool on monday night as he admits concerns remain over the character of his players . it is no secret united are planning a major overhaul of their squad this summer and ' personality ' will rank high when it comes to identifying transfer targets . the trip to anfield is newcastle 's first outing since losing a fifth straight tyne-wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015 . john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday . newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league . moussa sissoko ( left ) , vurnon anita ( centre ) and massadio haidara ( right ) take a break during the session . and carver said : ' maybe i need to change the team and hope that sparks something . ' we are going to need characters and i want to see some energy . i did n't see energy last weekend . we talked about out-working the opposition but they out-worked us again . ' so there 's something not right within their dna when it comes to a derby game . ' there 's something not right within their make-up . no matter how hard you try and no matter what you try and do , it 's an issue . ' carver has now seen his newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's tyne/wear derby by jermain defoe 's stunning volley . that being the case , carver says close-season recruitment will focus on mental attributes as much as physical . ' you 've got to try and do as much homework as you can to find out about their personality , ' he said . ' but with the amount of foreign players coming in now it 's a tougher situation . ' i 've done this in the past when i 've gone to watch a player and sat with their fans . you can actually start having a conversation about them and try to find out a little bit about their character . what 's he like ? does he get many red cards ? is he aggressive ? has he got a bit of a problem socially ? all those little things help to build a bigger picture . ' but for now it is about finishing our season with pride and the players proving a point to themselves , because some of them are playing for their future . ' 