a pakistani man suspected of killing his fiancee and nine of her relatives after they appeared to be reluctant to give her permission to marry - months after he allegedly murdered his own parents . the 25-year-old suspect , who has been identified as gul ahmad saeed , is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday , police have said . their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents , brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match . frustrated : gul ahmad saeed is alleged to have gone on a killing spree after becoming angry with people obstructing his wedding plans . pictured : stock image of pakistani brides and grooms at a mass wedding . saeed has been on the run ever since , but returned to his home town in town in north-west pakistan at the weekend - at which point he is suspected of killing his fiancee 's family with the help of accomplices . he is said to have been outraged over her uncle 's dithering over the marriage . ' the uncle was being very indecisive about the wedding which infuriated gul ahmad , ' said police officer mohammad jamil . police were searching for the suspects but they were believed to have fled into the semi-autonomous pashtun tribal area along the afghan border , where government authorities hold little sway and police are not legally permitted to go . ' we can not follow anyone there since it is beyond our jurisdiction , and our security would be threatened , ' said jamil . fled : saeed , 25 , is now said to be in the semi-autonomous pashtun area , on the border with afghanistan . the killings took place in a deeply conservative area where women there are often discouraged from going to school and have little choice when it comes to marriage . pakistani women are often killed by men who feel their honour has been offended in some way . the human rights commission of pakistan reported that 869 women were murdered in so-called honour killings in 2013 , the last year for which data is available .  