a romanian television presenter has been forced to pay compensation to her plastic surgeon after making a joke on-air that he was a tax dodger . simona trasca , 34 , known as ' romania 's pamela anderson ' , said in an interview on national television that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it . plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter . bad boob-joke : simona trasca , 34 , said in an interview that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it , so her plastic surgeon sued her . plastic fantastic : ms trasca , 34 , inadvertently called her surgeon a tax dodger when she joked her latest operation only cost her £363 . ms trasca had made the remark as part of a joke about her latest boob job saying : ' i got such a small bill for such a big job , in fact it was only 2000 lei ( £363 ) . ' she had then admitted that the course she had actually paid the equivalent of £3,000 , which was probably a fairer reflection of the value of her new assets . a local court ruled in favour of dr valcu , accepted that the comments could be regarded as defamatory and ordered her to pay compensation . as well as paying dr valcu £1,500 , ms trasca he will also have to take adverts in the main romanian newspapers pointing out that her statement was not correct . did not see the funny side : dr marek valcu claimed ms trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued her . expensive joke : ms trasca , a model and tv presenter known as ' romania 's pamela anderson ' was ordered to pay dr valcu £1,500 in compensation and take out ads in national newspapers apologising for the joke . it is not the first time dr valcu is involved in a scandal with one of his patients over their breast enlargements . in may last year , tv host oana zavoranu tried to blackmail him by saying that she can start a media defamation campaign against him because she was unhappy with her seventh boob-job . she had threatened to tell media that the doctor did illegal plastic surgery work funded by taxpayer money . however , her plan backfired when he called the police and she was caught while taking £7,000 in marked money from him . fail : another tv presenter , oana zavoranu tried to blackmail dr valcu because she was unhappy with her seventh boobjob , but was instead caught stealing £7,000 from him .