the slain editor of charlie hebdo has slammed his left-wing critics from beyond the grave for criticising publication of drawings of mohammad . in a book stéphane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so . in the short book , extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine l'obs , he writes : ‘ the suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of islam , because muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population , what is that , if not discrimination ? in a book stéphane charbonnier ( pictured ) , known as charb , finished just two days before being mowed down by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ ridiculous demagogues’ . journalists hold placards reading ' i am charlie ' as they hold a minute of silence on january 7 following the attack by gunmen in the offices of charlie hebdo . ‘ it 's time to finish with this disgusting paternalism of the white , left-wing bourgeois intellectual seeking to prove himself among the “ poor unfortunate undereducated” . ’ the book , lettre ouverte aux escrocs de l'islamophobie qui font le jeu des racistes ( open letter to the fraudsters of islamophobia who play into racists ' hands ) , which may well rock the ' je suis charlie ' solidarity over the massacre , argues that some intellectuals who condemned the drawings were merely attention-seekers . it says : ‘ since i am educated , i understand that charlie hebdo is using humour . but out of respect for you [ muslims ] , since you have n't yet discovered second-degree humour , i will denounce these islamophobic drawings that i pretend not to understand . i will put myself at your level to show that i love you . ‘ these ridiculous demagogues just have a huge need to be the centre of attention and want to satisfy their formidable fantasy to dominate others . ’ charb asks why islamophobia , which technically means ‘ fear of islam’ , is being used by activists , media and politicians to denounce hatred of muslims and wonders why ‘muslimophobia’ is not used instead , or simply ‘racism’ . he argues that ‘ a lot of those who campaign against islamophobia do n't actually do it to defend muslims as individuals , but to defend prophet mohammad 's religion’ . charlie hebdo’s satirical attacks on islam drove two brothers , cherif and said kouachi ( pictured ) to mount a deadly attack on its office in paris . charb also takes a pop at religion , and particularly at believers . ‘ the problem is not the koran or the bible - sleep-inducing , incoherent and badly written novels - but the faithful who read the koran or the bible like you read assembly instructions for ikea shelves , ’ he writes . he condemns those who are ready to ‘ cut the infidel 's throats along the dotted line otherwise god will deprive me of club med in the afterlife’ , according to the daily telegraph . he blames the media for helping popularise the term ‘islamophobia’ because ‘ any scandal that contains the word islam in its title sells . ’ ‘ a terrorist is scary , but if you add that he 's an islamist , everyone wets themselves . ’ and he also takes a dig at politicians whom he accuses of seeing muslims where they should see regular citizens , and wanting to pander to a ‘ muslim electorate’ . ‘ that 's saying that the majority of muslims do n't decide their vote according to the candidates ' political ideas but according to the degree of sympathy they display towards muslims , ’ he argues . charb also defends charlie hebdo 's controversial depictions of the prophet and extremism over the years , which earned it accusations of islamophobia . chillingly , he refers to al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula 's inspire magazine which in 2013 published a list of 11 people accused of ‘ crimes against islam’ and wanted ‘ dead or alive’ . ‘ i find my name , badly spelled but accompanied by a photo where you can recognise my alarmed face’ -- a picture he said was taken when the offices of the magazine were burnt down in 2011 shortly after a special edition was published under the title charia hebdo . ‘ the skillful montage is titled “ yes we can” and below you can read : “ a bullet a day keeps the infidel away” . ’ charlie hebdo’s satirical attacks on islam drove two brothers , cherif and said kouachi to mount a deadly attack on its office in paris . they burst into an editorial meeting on january 7 , peppering charb and nine other cartoonists with bullets before calmly leaving . they also shot dead a maintenance worker and a policeman who tried to stop them . 