a sex offender who tried to evade justice by fleeing to australia has been caught after police tracked him down through his boastful facebook posts . steven allison , 37 , formerly of idle near bradford , west yorkshire , had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in his new life down under . but he was unaware the net was closing in as british police teamed up with colleagues in australia and interpol to locate allison , who was living in the country 's capital , canberra . steven allison ( left ) was uploading pictures of himself in australia to facebook and writing posts about his former life in yorkshire ( right ) despite being on the running from the law . allison had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women after failing to turn up at bradford crown court in february last year . he was supposed to be lying low in sydney , where he found work as a labourer and handyman , but could n't resist showing off his new life to his 739 facebook friends . the sex attacker , who goes by ' stig ' on facebook , posted pictures of his former life in yorkshire and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle , saying he wanted to meet women . allison even joked about days being drunk in his hometown , including posts such as ' fooocking leathered that day , , for a change haha [ sic ] ' . he also posted pictures of himself in his t-shirt on a building site with his arms raised in a mocking salute to facebook friends , many of whom had no idea about his criminal past . the assaults happened in june 2013 when allison had been out drinking with a friend in yeadon , leeds , where he approached two women who rejected his advances . allison would not take no for an answer and indecently assaulted one of his victims as she left the pub in disgust . he had been laying low in sydney ( pictured ) before moving to canberra , where authorities closed in on him . when her friend threw a drink over him the rugby fan snapped and punched both girls to the ground . a west yorkshire force spokesman said allison had been charged with two sexual assaults but failed to appear in court . he added : ' enquiries made by bradford district 's public protection unit and interpol traced him to australia , where he had been working on construction sites . ' he was located in january this year and subsequently held in a detention centre , while arrangements were made for him to be returned to the uk . ' while being held , allison made one last bid for freedom by feigning an arm injury so he could attempt to escape while being taken for medical treatment . but his plan failed and he was brought back to the uk yesterday in handcuffs and flanked by three security guards from australia . det insp ben mcdonald , of the bradford district safeguarding unit , said : ' it was clear that allison felt he could cheat justice by fleeing the country and escaping to australia . ' he fled to the other side of the world to escape justice . however , the police will always pursue those wanted for serious crimes such as this , regardless of where they are in the world . ' he is expected to appear in court before being transferred to prison . 