a councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman has been jailed for 20 years . joseph o'riordan , 76 , was found guilty of attempted murder after his wife mandy , 47 , was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back at their home in polegate , east sussex . the former polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife 's movements and placed a gps tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her , a court heard . guilty : joseph o'riordan , 74 , stabbed his wife amanda , 47 , ( pictured together above ) nine times with a kitchen knife at the home they shared in polegate , east sussex , after discovering her affair with postman nick gunn . he soon discovered his estate manager wife was having an affair with married postman , nick gunn , nicknamed ' tommy ' by friends and family , who lived and worked in their village . it was revealed yesterday that the 41-year-old postman had had previous affairs with women on his rounds . brighton crown court heard how o'riordan repeatedly stabbed his wife in their bedroom of their ground floor flat on october 22 last year , after arguing about the affair . ambulance crews arrived to find his wife lying on a blood-soaked bed and she was rushed to hospital , where she underwent six hours of emergency surgery to save her life . nick gunn : he had affairs with women on his rounds . o'riordan directed officers to where had left the nine-inch kitchen knife he had used to stab his wife in an ' icily calm manner ' , the court heard . the former nightclub owner denied attempted murder but a jury took two hours to find him guilty yesterday and he was handed a 20-year prison sentence by judge shani barnes today . he will serve half behind bars and the rest on licence and was also handed a restraining order , banning him for ever contacting his wife directly or indirectly . sentencing , judge barnes , told him : ' you had dedicated your life to serving your community and conducting works for charity . ' but like most of us we are not all good and bad . ' the damage you have done to her is absolutely terrible . ' you have not taken responsibility of what you did to her that night , ' the hastings observer reports . after the hearing , detective chief inspector mike ashcroft , of the surrey and sussex major crime team , said : ' we are pleased to have secured a conviction and salutary sentence in what has been a tragic case . ' it could so easily have been a murder investigation and i would like to pay tribute to the victim , mrs o'riordan , for the fortitude she has shown throughout . ''in sentencing her husband for the attack in which he stabbed her several times , judge barnes said o'riordan had shown no true remorse for what he had done , and he was a man who had enjoyed the control over mrs o'riordan . ' as he felt that control had gone , he took a calculated decision to attempt to kill his wife . ' the couple had been married for ten years and had attended the queen 's garden party in 2013 for o'riordan 's work on the diamond jubilee celebrations . mrs o'riordan was a 23-year-old divorcee when she met the older o'riordan in 1991 . they married in 2004 and were seen by many friends as the ' perfect , loving couple ' . but as o'riordan became older his wife essentially became his ' carer ' and the court heard how she wanted more ' freedom ' . prosecutor dale sullivan said o'riordan had ' clearly lied ' when he told police officers repeatedly that he had stabbed his wife because he had ' just found out she was having an affair ' . in reality he had known for weeks that she was seeing mr gunn . when mrs o'riordan gave evidence last week she did so from behind a screen so she did not have to see o'riordan . she told the court : ' i loved joe . i did n't want to hurt him . i never wanted to hurt him – even now . ' o'riordan ( left ) was convicted of attempted murder after a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to unanimously find him guilty of trying to kill his wife with a nine-inch kitchen knife ( right ) in october last year . o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council when he grew suspicious that his wife , amanda , 47 , was having an affair and hired a private investigator to follow her which confirmed her relationship with mr gunn . last year – despite having married three years ago and having moved with his wife sara saunders to portslade , near brighton – mr gunn and mrs o'riordan became lovers . but she was not his first , it is claimed . a 39-year-old former partner , who did not want to be named , said : ' we split up because he was having an affair . i saw that he had made a comment on facebook about a `` lover '' and i knew he was n't talking about me so i confronted him . ' he admitted he had been sleeping with a woman he had been delivering post to . he told me that something similar had happened with a previous girlfriend as well . we were together for six years , and this might have happened more than once . i did n't find out until july 2011 . ' after that affair mr gunn married schoolteacher miss saunders , who said last night : ' i 'm still married to him at the moment and i 'm not interested in talking about him . ' mr gunn has a facebook page and describes himself on twitter as : ' a gamer , a lover , a postman and a friend of death . ' as the affair developed last year , o'riordan first hired a detective to watch his wife and then set up a gps tracker on her car . the £300 tracker reported back via text to o'riordan 's phone whenever his wife left home and gave the exact location of her vehicle . on one day alone on october 9 the tracker sent a total of 35 notifications to o'riordan as his wife visited mr gunn at his then home in portslade . o'riordan used to run nightclubs in the south east before he retired and was also a councillor in east sussex and became president of his local royal british legion . friends and family of mrs o'riordan arrived at brighton magistrates ' court ( left ) for the verdict today while o'riordan 's son liam - from a previous marriage - also attended the hearing to see his father convicted . o'riordan was sentenced to 20 years in prison for attempted murder at brighton crown court ( pictured above ) .