for those in the west , amusement parks are a popular day out , with hundreds of millions of visitors flocking to the most popular theme parks each year . however , for children living in pakistan 's slums , often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas , there is often little entertainment offered . but there are some facilities popping up in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities , with makeshift parks providing the chance to play and laugh with others and escape their difficult lives , if only for a few hours . scroll down for video . a pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur , enjoys a ride on a merry-go-round along with other children , at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a slum area on the outskirts of islamabad . pakistani christian children enjoy a ride on a hand-operated ferris wheel for the price of 10 rupees ( approximately 10p ) . pakistani children who fled their villages with their families due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur , enjoy a ride on a merry-go-round . while these rides may be a far cry from disneyland , the camel carousels , hand-turned ferris wheels and trampolines on offers in these small parks offer a world of fun for locals . the amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi , with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families . many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas . the collection of amusement parks , offer some light relief from their problems , even if it is just for a short while . pakistani children enjoy a ride at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a christian neighborhood for christmas holiday , in islamabad . a pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur , enjoys jumping on a trampoline . pakistani boys enjoy jumping on a trampoline , at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a christian neighborhood for the christmas holidays . a pakistani girl who fled her village with her family due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur , looks on while waiting to have a ride with other children . night time snack ! a pakistani man , centre , eats at a food stall in an entertainment park . an afghan refugee boy and his sister enjoy a ride on an improvised swing , in a poor neighbourhood on the outskirts of islamabad . pakistan hosts over 1.6 million registered afghans , the largest and most protracted refugee population in the world , according to the u.n. refugee agency .