jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida , according to family members . wallenda 's nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness . ' she had a great life in entertainment , a very rewarding and rich life , ' he said . wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda . matriarch : in this january 1964 photo , jenny wallenda applies makeup in a dressing room prior to appearing at the opening of the shrine circus in detroit . she died late saturday at age 87 . relative : wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda . karl wallenda is seen in london in this november 1976 photograph . legacy : jenny wallenda was grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda , seen here over the grand canyon in 2013 . tricks : karl wallenda is seen here preforming in february 1964 . he later fell to his death in 1978 . jenny wallenda 's husband , richard faughnan , died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed . karl wallenda fell to his death in 1978 . jenny wallenda survived the invasion of berlin by soviet forces at the end of world war ii and returned to the united states in 1947 to perform with her family . her parents sent her to germany to live with her grandparents in 1934 at age 6 . jenny wallenda walked the high wire as an adult and performed on bareback horses as a child . according to the sarasota herald tribune wallenda advocated for causes important to the circus community in her later years and helped create the circus ring of fame . she was inducted into the ring of fame in 2008 . nik wallenda paid tribute to the woman he called oma on his facebook page . ' she was an amazing woman who lived a truly incredible life . she will be missed everyday . oma in your honor , i will never give up , ' he wrote . tribute : on facebook nik wallenda ( seen over chicago in 2014 ) wrote of grandmother jenny wallenda ' she was an amazing woman who lived a truly incredible life . she will be missed everyday ' . embrace : jenny wallenda ( left ) , is seen with her father karl wallenda , center , and her sister carla , right . the famed wallenda circus troupe perform at the michigan state fairgrounds in detroit , january 30 , 1962 . two of the group were killed and a third injured when this pyramid formation collapsed and the performers fell to the ground . left to right ( bottom row ) : dieter schepp , 23 ; mario wallenda , 21 ; richard faughnan , 29 ; gunther wallenda , 42 . second row , left to right : karl wallenda , 57 ; herman wallenda , 60 . sitting on chair atop pyramid is jana schepp , 17 . dieter schepp and faughnan died in the fall . mario wallenda and miss schepp were injured . famous family : in this january 1964 photo , karl wallenda , center left , and his daughter jenny , center right , wait on the sideline with troupe members louis murillo , left , and andy anderson , before performing a high wire act in detroit .