leighton baines is well known for his love of music but it appears his appreciation does not extend to all genres - specifically the latest pop songs dominating the charts . the everton defender , who is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys ' front-man alex turner , regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar . but in an interview with match of the day magazine , the england international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which do n't feature on his own ipod . everton defender leighton baines ( right ) , pictured in action against newcastle , is a big music lover . the england international is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys front-man alex turner . as well as admitting that he does n't know any of one direction 's hit songs , baines also reveals that mark ronson and bruno mars ' uptown funk is regularly played in the toffees ' dressing room . scroll down to read baines ' full verdict on the music world , including his views on ed sheeran , meghan trainor and avicii . meghan trainor – all about the bass . ' this is the kind of track we play in the dressing room , but it 's not my cup of tea really ! the lads keep me away from the stereo because they do n't enjoy any of the stuff i put on . ' mark ronson ( featuring bruno mars ) – uptown funk . ' the lads are all playing this one ! it 's quite a cool tune for a pop song . it 's good , mark ronson 's always trying to do interesting stuff . ' baines reveals that he is not a fan of meghan trainor 's ( left ) song ' all about the bass ' in match of the day mag . uptown funk by mark ronson - featuring bruno mars ( pictured ) - is played in everton 's dressing room . the interview with leighton baines features in the latest edition of match of the day magazine , on sale between april 21 and 27 . avicii – the nights . ' this sounds like something my 11-year-old lad might listen to ! he 's getting to the point where he knows his own mind so i 'm not going to force my favourite music on him . ' ed sheeran – thinking out loud . ' ed sheeran 's massive , he 's not someone i 've got into yet , but he 's obviously doing well enough for himself . i think a lot of kids like him . ' george ezra – budapest . ' this is a good song . i have n't heard much of george ezra 's stuff , this is all stuff my kids play around the house so i recognise it . ' one direction – night changes . ' i have to admit , i do n't really know any of their songs ! but it all makes sense , this is the sort of thing the kids are into , i just do n't listen to any of it . ' ed sheeran is ' massive ' according to baines , but the everton man is yet to start listening to his music . baines admits that he does n't know any of one direction 's songs despite their global success . 