headmistress : valerie rutty stole thousands of pounds raised by her pupils from bake sales and fetes that was supposed to pay for new school kit . a headmistress who stole thousands of pounds raised by her pupils from bake sales and fetes that was supposed to pay for new school kit avoided jail today . valerie rutty , of warrington , cheshire , altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned - then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund . the 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents , teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at irlam primary school in greater manchester . the cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non-uniform days and other fundraisers . it would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment . but rutty wrote nine separate cheques into a bank account she shared with her mother between december 2010 and may last year . she was only caught when salford city council received an anonymous letter saying she had been stealing from the school accounts . an audit was then carried out and rutty was suspended from the school in september last year , subsequently losing her £60,000-a-year job . the money was repaid in full last month . at manchester crown court rutty was handed a four-month prison sentence , suspended for 12 months , and ordered to carry out 70 hours of unpaid work in the community after admitting theft . theft : the 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund at irlam primary school in greater manchester . juliet berry , prosecuting , said : ‘ the account from which she stole money was entitled the “ irlam primary school fund” . ‘ this money had been raised by parents and pupils at the school by hosting various events including fetes , non-uniform etc and the purpose of the money was to raise money for school trips , football kits and the like . one teacher revealed how irlam primary school is in serious need of more money . in a victim impact statement , a member of staff at the school named only as mr hargreaves said : ‘ the school is in desperate need of funds to improve the quality of provision for children and staff . ‘ the children worked extremely hard to help with this and we are faced with the fact that the money raised has been taken . ‘ members of staff , particularly the deputy headteacher , have been placed under severe personal stress and a great deal of uncertainty and additional work . the feelings of mistrust are perhaps the most damaging effect on the school and staff . ’ ‘ the money was raised by the children and parents themselves . it wasn’t money from the local authority , so one can understand how parents must feel . ’ marsha myers , defending , said the case had been a ‘ chastening experience’ for her client . rutty had done a ‘ great deal of benefit’ to the school and it achieved ratings of ‘good’ in its last ofsted report , the court was told . but the judge told rutty she had ' marred ' her career , having previously been someone parents and children ‘ would look up to’ . judge robert atherton added : ‘ you are now 60 and have done a great deal during your life for the benefit of people and you have marred the end of your career over this period of time and that is very sad . ‘ these families , parents and children would look up to you as mrs rutty , the headmistress , who was doing a very fine job in many respects and now their confidence has gone . ' i can understand the parents’ frustration , annoyance and anger that their money , the money they have raised , has been taken in this way . ’ rutty was also ordered to pay costs of £500 . irlam primary , a 416-pupil community school , was formed in september 1980 , following the amalgamation of an infant and junior school . on its official website , a welcome letter from the school reads : ‘ all members of the staff team are committed to developing our vision which is to encourage children to be ... responsible citizens who make a positive contribution to society . ’