john howard , 66 , bled the overseas press and media association dry over two years - leaving the company facing bankruptcy . the treasurer of a voluntary organisation drained £90,000 from the group 's account - spending thousands on restaurant meals and trips to france . john howard , 66 , from canterbury , kent , had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago , leaving the company facing bankruptcy . the father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation 's account and enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers , a court heard . his fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors and howard started to dodge emails and phone calls . he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ' i 'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court . prosecutor tony prosser said howard secretly sacked auditors and then presented the association with fake accounts each month . between 2011 to 2013 he freely dipped into the money and lavished cash on himself and his family . when his crime came to light just £180 was left in the association 's savings account when it should have been nearly £80,000 . howard rang a fellow member from a pay phone admitting the fraud and offering to repay £20,000 . mr prosser said police found he had blown thousands on meals , groceries , flowers , expenditure in france , hotels and even sending money to his wife . howard , who admitted fraud by breach of trust , claimed he only took £67,000 and had now put his home up for sale in a bid to repay some of the money . dominic webber , defending , said howard got into debt and used the money to pay bills and was ' extremely sorry for what he has done . ' matt findel-hawkins , a former opma president , said : ' it was n't like he was paying off debts to some evil shylock figure . this was blatant , categorical deceit over time . his fraud was only uncovered after opma had problems paying its creditors and howard started to dodge emails and phone calls . the non-profit trade association services the international advertising community . ' at the same time he would sit there in meetings , smiling at us . ' mr findel-hawkins , sales director for nikkei europe , said howard had been a member of the non-profit organisation for 30 years . he said : ' we 'd have meetings and all go to lunch . he was a steady guy with a nice sense of humour . ' that 's why he was our treasurer . we 've been trying to work out what went wrong . if i ever spoke to him again , i 'd just want to know why he did it . ' sentencing , judge simon james told howard his victim was a not-for-profit organisation which had been operating for more than 80 years . ' under your three-year tenure as treasurer - in which you seemed to treat its bank account as your own - they were left close to bankruptcy and perilously close to folding , ' he said . ' your good name has now been well and truly lost . this was a systematic , prolonged and flagrant piece of dishonesty . howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ' i 'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court today . ' it seems to me the money was used to fund a comfortable living for you and your family rather than out of real desperation . ' detective constable barry carr described it as a ' serious abuse of position ' and said howard had shown a ' flagrant disregard for the trust and responsibility placed in him ' . he added that his deceit had nearly brought the long-established organisation to its knees financially . the opma is a non-profit trade association servicing the international advertising community , run voluntarily by its members .  