it was n't quite the etihad or the westfalenstadion but sergio aguero and marco reus went head-to-head in an exciting clash to showcase the new puma boot being launched . the manchester city star has been in good form this season despite his injury problems and showed his impressive close control against the borussia dortmund winger . the footwear brand are releasing the evospeed 1.3 graphic , which took inspiration from the japanese dragon . sergio aguero ( left ) and marco reus went head-to-head to help the launch the new puma evospeed 1.3 . the manchester city striker celebrates after scoring to put himself 3-2 up against the german . after the launch , aguero sat down for a q & a where he spoke about his side 's chances of catching chelsea . he said : ' you say it is only 5 matches , but a lot can happen in these games . we will work hard to finish as well as possible . ' the argentinian also praised his opponent for giving him a tough game during the unusual encounter . ' i have to admit , that guy is really talented , so my lead lasted unfortunately only a few seconds , ' he added . ' i love this pitch and it 's really fun , especially when playing against some new players who you do n't get to meet every day in training . ' the square pitch had four different goals that opened and closed to make it harder for the players . reus has been heavily linked with a move away from dortmund and could follow jurgen klopp out of the club . germany international reus also praised aguero and really enjoyed playing on the difficult pitch . he said : ' i am sure you can see it in the film , but i can re-assure you that agüero really gave me a hard time . he is so quick and so ambitious and it was definitely hard to keep up with him . ' the switching goals were challenging in the beginning , but once it clicked , it is a really cool concept , because you can never really anticipate what happens next . this was definitely one of the best things i have done with puma so far . ' you can buy the puma evospeed 1.3 from www.prodirectsoccer.com .