a nurse who faced surgery to treat breast cancer at the hospital where she worked discovered just days later that she 'd never had the disease . a mix-up at new cross hospital in wolverhampton meant staff confused the notes of three patients . as a result , elizabeth dawes was wrongly told in july 2013 that she had invasive grade three breast cancer following a biopsy . doctors advised the 39-year-old that she needed immediate surgery , suggesting a double mastectomy . ms dawes refused , but did undergo major surgery to remove a ' cancerous ' tumour from her right breast as well as lymph nodes from her armpit . elizabeth dawes , 39 , was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 . doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy . but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients , and she 'd never had cancer . the mother-of-one was also told she would need a further procedure to correct ' deformities ' to her breasts caused by the first operation . but four days later , ms dawes was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant . there , he revealed there had been a mix-up with her hospital notes and those of two other patients , - and she had , in fact , never had the disease . she said : ' i am absolutely appalled at what i have been through and am still struggling to comprehend how this could even happen . ' to be told you are facing aggressive cancer in your 30s is devastating and of course , i feared the worst and began making plans for my child , and getting my finances in order . ' ' i was willing to undergo whatever treatment it took to fight the cancer so when i was told i needed surgery , i did n't think twice . ' ms dawes was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at new cross hospital . , added : ' the doctor also told me i would need a bilateral breast lift to cosmetically improve the shape of my breasts , as otherwise , after having the cancer surgery i would be left deformed . ' i was very sore after the operation and shocked by the extensive scaring , so to be recalled four days later to be told none of it was necessary was truly horrendous . ' i am still in pain now , have lost a lot of sensation in my breasts and the scarring has not improved , which hugely affects my self-confidence . ' nothing can make up for what has happened but i am determined to see justice done and feel i at least deserve an official apology from the trust given the huge impact this has had on my life . ' ms dawes , who has an 18-year-old son , is taking legal action . the royal wolverhampton nhs trust , which operates the hospital , has admitted liability for the misdiagnosis and the unnecessary surgery performed . the mother-of-one , who was working as a breast cancer care nurse at the same hospital at the time , said : ' to be told you are facing aggressive cancer in your 30s is devastating and of course , i feared the worst and began making plans for my child , and getting my finances in order ' . lawyer louise hawkley , of irwin mitchell , said : ' this is a truly shocking case that has left elizabeth appalled at the unnecessary heartache , and extensive scarring she has suffered as a result of being wrongly told that she had breast cancer . ' there are also very serious patient safety concerns about the `` mix-up '' and how the other patients have potentially been affected too . ' she said aside from the ' obvious physical implications ' , the ordeal has had ' a devastating impact ' on her client 's life . ms dawes had worked as a breast care nurse in the oncology department at new cross hospital but has since found herself unable to continue in her role ' as a consequence of what she has been through ' . ms hawkley added : ' it is also vital that the trust identifies what improvements can be made to ensure that this never happens again to improve patient safety at the hospital . ' a trust spokesman told mailonline it has apologised to ms dawes and carried out a full investigation . he said : ' the medical director and nurse director met with ms dawes to offer her an unreserved apology for this terrible error and inform her of the trust’s investigation into the incident . ' the findings of the investigation were shared with ms dawes and a further apology offered at that time . ' the incident is now part of an ongoing legal claim with which the trust is co-operating fully . ' the trust can confirm that no other patient received inappropriate treatment as a result of this incident . ' the royal wolverhampton nhs trust , which operates the hospital , has admitted liability and a spokesman said an apology had been issued to ms dawes . he added no other patient received inappropriate treatment .     