the u.s. senate voted on thursday to approve loretta lynch as president barack obama 's next attorney general , ending a five-month deadlock that made lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys general combined . the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official , lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote . curiously absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch 's nomination . he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote . a copy of a cruz for president invitation later began flying around twitter that showed the gop presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire tom hicks . scroll down for video . in : the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official , lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote , with 10 republicans joining with senate democrats to approve her . out : she is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday , replacing eric holder . lynch is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday , replacing eric holder . the white house said it did not know when exactly lynch would be sworn in but it was n't likely to be today . president barack obama said in a statement after that the vote that ' america will be better off ' having lynch as its next top cop . ' she will bring to bear her experience as a tough , independent , and well-respected prosecutor on key , bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform , ' he said . 'loretta’s confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe , keep our nation secure , and ensure that every american experiences justice under the law . ' ten republicans voted for lynch , including senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and expected presidential candidate lindsey graham , the senior senator from south carolina . florida 's marco rubio did not vote in her favor . cruz tried to block lynch from clearing a procedural hurdle earlier in the day , giving an impassioned speech on the chamber floor urging his colleagues to oppose her nomination , but was missing when the final tally was taken . ' the republican majority , if it so chose , could defeat this nomination , ' the 2016 oval office candidate said said during the debate on whether to take a formal vote on her nomination . ' i would note there are a few voters back home that are asking what exactly is the difference between a democratic and republican majority , ' he charged . it was not immediately clear why the senator - who had not been shy about his intentions to vote against lynch - was absent from the floor during the formal vote and a spokeswoman for his 2016 campaign simply told daily mail online that he had a prior commitment in texas . like a representative from his senate office noted on twitter , the spokeswoman , catherine frazier , said he voted no on cloture , and that 's the only one ' that mattered . ' ' as you know sen. cruz led the charge to oppose her nomination at every turn for the last several months , ' she added . minutes later the cruz for president invitation began circulating online . the vip portion of the event starts at 6 pm central , meaning cruz needed to leave the east coast to by mid-afternoon arrive at the party on time . hicks , who is currently in the process of selling his estate , on the market for $ 98 million as of last month , is a neighbor of former u.s. president george w. bush , also a republican and a former co-owner of the rangers . missing : ted cruz was not present for today 's final vote on lynch . he was the only member of the senate who was absent . a copy of a cruz for president invitation that later began flying around twitter indicates the texas senator skipped town early to make a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire tom hicks . the voting margin reflected many republicans ' disapproval of lynch 's support for an executive order issued by obama in november that was meant to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from the threat of deportation . before the vote , republican senator jeff sessions , an outspoken critic of that action , blasted lynch . ' we do not have to confirm someone to the highest law enforcement position in america if that someone is publicly committed to denigrating congress , violating law , ' he said . senate democratic leader harry reid berated republicans for delaying the confirmation and said lynch was ' as qualified a candidate ' as he 'd seen in almost 30 years in the senate . lynch has awaited confirmation since november when obama , a fellow harvard law school graduate , nominated her . after winning november 's midterm elections , republicans asked the democratic-led senate not to shove a vote on lynch down their throats . in a show of good faith , democrats acquiesced and let the clock run out on their leadership in the senate . her nomination was backed by the senate 's judiciary committee by a vote of 12-8 on feb. 26 . but her confirmation languished over an impasse in the republican-led senate on an unrelated bill meant to protect human trafficking victims . democrats had balked at an anti-abortion provision included in that bill , and senate majority leader mcconnell put a hold on all business until that issue was resolved . a bipartisan agreement was reached earlier this week , and as a result the process to consider lynch was allowed to move forward . hicks is currently in the process of selling his estate , on the market for $ 98 million as of last month . he is a neighbor of former u.s. president george w. bush , also a republican and a former co-owner of the rangers . mystery solved : minutes after a spokesperson for cruz told daily mail online that the senator had a prior commitment in texas that caused him to miss the vote , this cruz for president invitation began circulating online . the vip portion of the event begins at 6pm central , meaning cruz needed to leave the east coast to by mid-afternoon arrive at the party on time . despite the delay , she was widely seen as less controversial than holder , who often clashed with republicans . she has said she aims to smooth relations with congress . as attorney general , her earliest tests will likely include handling civil rights cases stemming from deadly altercations between police and unarmed black men in several u.s. cities . the justice department has said it will look into bringing civil rights charges over the death of a baltimore man who died after sustaining a spinal cord injury while in police custody . lynch will also inherit major financial cases involving allegations that some of the world 's largest banks helped clients evade u.s. taxes and manipulated the currency markets . an accomplished career prosecutor , lynch has twice served as u.s. attorney in brooklyn , new york , most recently since 2010 . her office there handled more terrorism prosecutions than most other offices in the united states . for two years , she also led a committee that advised the attorney general on policy . at a senate confirmation hearing on jan. 28 , lynch said that her top priorities would include fighting terrorist threats and cyber crime , and improving relations between law enforcement and minority communities .