dog walkers have been warned about deliberate attempts to kill their animals after cocktail sausages laced with poison were found at a popular walking spot . a clutch of sausages stuffed with poisons were found on the cuckoo trail , a path running from hampden park to heathfield near hailsham . the grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove , and dog owners are now being warned by sussex police to be aware when they are out walking their animals . a man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages with poisonous pellets inserted into them . the cocktail sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog . they were found hidden among grass on the trail . photos of the cuckoo trail sausages were posted on the doggy style pet service page . the post said ' walking along the cuckoo trail in hailsham at approximately 6pm this evening , i have found a quantity of cocktail sausages that appear to have a as of yet an unknown substance deliberately inserted into them . ' so this post is hopefully to help make other owners aware of the possible dangers . the sausages were loaded with the poison ( left ) and found hidden among the grass ( right ) on the trail . ' thankfully i have a search dog that is able to indicate if something does n't smell right , but please watch any dog off the lead as they were not in eye sight but easily consumed and in multiple places along the trail . ' hopefully this is the action of some bored mis-guided youth , ( which i 'm sure this is n't the case ! ) but personally i find this premeditated , calculated with actions of someone who knows what they are doing . ' dogs that have been poisoned may show the following symptoms ; * vomiting . * diarrhoea . * seizures . * blood in the stool . * lethargy . * loss of appetite . * bruising . * nosebleeds . * discoloured gums . if dogs display any of these symptoms they should be taken to a vet straight away . if possible take the packaging or sample of the poison with you . do not attempt to medicate dogs yourself , or encourage them to vomit using salt water . if the skin or fur is damaged wash them with a mild shampoo and rinse well with water . keep poisoned dogs away from other animals to avoid cross contamination .  