tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club 's ' biggest game ' for years . they host rangers on tuesday with sherwood admitting he does not have the players to grind out results . victory would move villa five points clear of the barclays premier league drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if qpr , three points behind with a better goal difference , win . and sherwood underlined the magnitude of the game ahead of the showdown . tim sherwood ( from left to right ) , les ferdinand and chris ramsey during their time at white hart lane . sherwood ( right ) sits on the bench with tottenham hotspur staff ferdinand ( centre ) and ramsey ( left ) . tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor celebrates his goal by saluting sherwood ( right ) and ramsey ( centre ) . ' i think this is the biggest game that a lot of these players have ever played for this football club , ' he said , with villa in 17th . ' this is without doubt the biggest game of the season for villa and possibly one of the biggest in a number of years . ' this is the biggest ( of my managerial career ) . ' but the boss believes he must instil a different mentality into his players as he tries to keep them in the top flight . ' we 've got different types of players , you look through qpr 's side and they 've got a lot of players who are men - with a lot of experience in there , ' he said . ' we 've got a few men in there - but we 've got a lot of pretty much icing-on-the-cake players and i 'm trying to get that mentality into them to forget about digging out results . it 's not what we 're cut out to do . ' i have n't identified many players who ca n't cope with the pressure , but you do n't know until they get out there . ' sherwood is without alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair while tom cleverley , kieran richardson and aly cissokho are doubts . sherwood faces his friend and former tottenham assistant , qpr boss chris ramsey , for the first time since they both left spurs last summer . sherwood and ramsey forged their friendship at tottenham and remain close ahead of their showdown . the bond between the two remains strong even if sherwood is blocking ramsey 's mobile phone calls for now . sherwood hinted that if ramsey 's tenure at loftus road ends , then he would ask to bring him to villa park . ramsey has admitted his job at rangers could be under threat if they get relegated and , while he admitted ramsey may prefer to be a manager , sherwood left the door open for a reunion at villa . he added : ' if there was ever an opportunity for me to work with him again i would do that . ' i would have to speak to the club about whether we could find a role for him here . ' listen , i know i am biased - he has been good for me and i have been good for him . but he is up there with the very best coaches i have ever seen . ' ramsey pictured on the touchline during a qpr match as he tries to save the club from relegation . ramsey must put his friendship with sherwood on ice for the time being as he tries to see off his pal 's team . ramsey still lives in bedfordshire - a short drive from sherwood 's imposing house in buckinghamshire .