as a spring breeze wafted into his trench french commander georges lamour saw something surreal drift his way - a yellow-green cloud . ' all my trenches are choked , ' he cried into the field telephone to headquarters . ' i am falling myself ! ' chlorine gas — carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions — had been used for the first time . it was april 22 , 1915 . scroll down for video . chlorine gas — carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions — sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22 , 1915 . above , german red cross workers carry bottles of water to help revive troops . lamour would never be heard from again - and world war i and warfare would never be the same . ' it is a new element in warfare . it is indiscriminate , ' said piet chielens , curator at the in flanders fields museum in nearby ypres . ' you create psychological terror . ' the chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes , throat and lungs . some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack . ' you drown in your own lungs , ' chielens added . on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields . a century ago german forces were gathering at army headquarters in tielt , some 30 miles ( 50km ) behind the front line , for a momentous discussion . commanders had already been waiting 10 days for favourable winds , huddled in a patrician mansion lined with maps and dotted with landscape models . they were bent on breaking the stalemate of trench warfare and all options were open . on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields , pictured in december 2014 . three world war i german soldiers stand and sit at their planning desks at an office in tielt , belgium . they were bent on breaking the stalemate of trench warfare and all options were open . some soldiers , pictured in their office in tielt , argued deploying more troops would achieve a bigger breakthrough than using gas . fritz haber , a chemical expert and future winner of the nobel prize in chemistry , preached for more gas for more shock and awe . some argued that deploying more troops would achieve a bigger breakthrough . chief of general staff erich von falkenhayn decided they would use the gas the next day or not at all . across the line lamour 's french forces said there was nothing to report . had they been able to peer a bit further across no-man 's land they would have seen how german troops had dug in , under cover of night , more than 5,000 gas cylinders with tubes pointing their way . the next morning , german trenches were filled with soldiers ready to pounce once the gas had cleared . gas masks in their containers are piled up ( left ) in zillebeke , belgium , as the director of the in flanders fields museum piet chielens looks at postcards written by victims of the first gas attacks ( right ) . historians estimate that more than 1million soldiers were exposed to gas . above , graves of french soldiers in zonnebeke , belgium . the plan was to release the chlorine in the frosty morning hours , when it would cling best to the surface and give soldiers a full day to advance . a windless morning came and went . the breeze only picked up in the afternoon - and at 5pm the gas cylinders were opened with devastating effect . once the gas cleared , the soldiers jumped out and made more progress than they had in months . men , horses , rats , even insects lay dead or choking before them . ' the effect of that gas was enormous , ' said historian ann callens . ' even the german troops and certainly the german generals were completely astonished . ' but after april 22 , the surprise factor evaporated and the stalemate endured . troops needed only to look at how the prevailing westerly winds bent flanders ' stately trees toward their own positions to know that gas would come drifting their way . laurence cadbury , of the british chocolate dynasty , had come to flanders to help as an ambulance driver . in 1925 , 16 of the world 's major nations signed the geneva protocol , thereby pledging never to use gas in warfare again . but it has continued to be used , even 100 years after the first attack . seven years after signing the protocol , italy dropped mustard gas in bombs during the invasion of ethiopia . troops sprayed it from planes and spread it in powdered form on the ground . around 150,000 chemical casualties were reported . the global chemical weapons watchdog is also investigating allegations the gas was used to carry out fatal attacks in syrian villages . activists have accused the syrian regime of using chlorine - a toxic agent that can be considered a chemical weapon - on civilian areas in the past . there is also evidence to suggest isis is using chlorine gas as a chemical weapon in its battle , kurdish authorities have claimed . peshmerga forces discovered '20 gas canisters ' loaded on the back of a truck involved in a suicide bomb attack in iraq on january 23 , officials said . in october chlorine-filled cylinders were also discovered during clashes in the towns of balad and duluiya . and reports from the syrian border-town of kobani suggested the extremist group added chlorine to an arsenal that already included heavy weapons and tanks looted from captured military bases earlier this year . memorial stones commemorate those who lost their lives as a result of the first gas attacks . the cross marks the field where troops faced the first use of poison . even today , farmers suffer health problems after digging up this toxic harvest . above , a old bunker constructed by the german army stands in one of the fields . the pacifist quaker had an immediate grasp of what the germans ' use of the gas horror meant . ' it seems pretty certain we shall retaliate , ' he wrote to his parents one week after the initial german attack . ' after all , it is no use appealing to anyone . ' the first use by allied forces came in september , when the british unleashed poison gas on the germans at the battle of loos . rival armies ultimately launched 146 gas attacks in belgium , which covered only a small patch of the western front . more sophisticated gases were released and the improvement of gas mask designs led to more poison being deployed . the germans used about 150 tons of gas in their first attack and around 68,000 tons in total . the allies used even more - 82,000 tons . the last gas attack came just three days before the armistice of november 11 , 1918 . historians estimate that more than 1million soldiers were exposed to gas — and 90,000 killed . ' a lot of the effects did not kill you but they were lasting . you have chronic bronchitis , pneumonia , ' chielens said . ' the veterans of the war took it with them to their graves . ' dormant shells littered farmland . even today , farmers suffer health problems after digging up this toxic harvest . the french army told lamour 's wife angele that he either died from gas or was taken prisoner . she kept believing her husband was alive and month after month , she wrote letters to ' mon bien cher georges ' . on may 2 , 1918 , three years after his presumed death , she wrote : ' is springtime coming so late for you as it is for us ? '