ethel rider , who has severe dementia , fell from her bed at the half acre care home in radcliffe , when she was being turned to prevent bed sores . two care home workers who left a mute dementia patient in agony after she fell on the floor , then lied about what had happened , have been jailed . ethel rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ‘cowering’ in pain after falling from her bed . but even though the grandmother was in agony , her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed . because she is mute , mrs rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened . it was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance . the injury occurred because one of her carers , susan logan , had tried to turn her by herself – against the proper procedure at the private home . but when asked what had happened , logan and her supervisor , lauren gillies , lied , saying mrs rider had fallen out of bed . yesterday both were beginning six-month prison sentences after a judge branded them ‘idle’ , saying they had cut corners to give themselves longer breaks . afterwards the pensioner’s family slammed the carers’ ‘disgusting’ betrayal and said they were pleased both had been jailed . the daily mail’s dignity for the elderly campaign has repeatedly highlighted examples of poor care in residential homes and on nhs wards . mrs rider , a retired factory worker , moved into the half acre care home in radcliffe , near manchester , where staff working in pairs were meant to turn her in bed every two hours . but on may 19 last year , logan , 59 , was trying to turn mrs rider by herself when the pensioner fell out of bed . bolton crown court heard how it may have been some time before the emergency alarm was called and gillies , 25 , arrived to find the grandmother in pain and on the floor . ‘ she was left on the floor for 40 minutes , ’ said jonathan turner , prosecuting . ‘ she was then hoisted back into the bed . no ambulance was called and the story was devised between the two of them . ’ the court heard how mrs rider , who now has the mental capacity of a baby , is mute and would have been unable to convey the pain of being hoisted back into bed with a broken pelvis . care workers lauren gillies , 25 ( left ) and susan logan , 59 , ( right ) have been jailed for six months each . logan , of radcliffe , and gillies , of ramsbottom , admitted wilful neglect . judge timothy stead told them : ‘ what you did between the two of you was outrageous . your decisions have been described as stupid , but i would use a stronger word . they were criminally wrong . ’ mrs rider’s daughter julie murphy , 52 , from radcliffe , said : ‘ i am satisfied they have been jailed . what they did is disgusting . ’ four seasons health care , which runs the home , said : ‘ we are very sorry for the distress caused to mrs rider and her family as a result of the actions of the carers . ’ a spokesman for the care home said they were ' very sorry for the distress caused to mrs rider and her family ' . 