social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as friends , family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be stephanie scott . it comes after police located a body at cocoparra national park , in the riverina region of nsw on friday night , which they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years . as the leeton high school teacher 's loved ones gathered for a memorial picnic on saturday , the day they had planned to watch her walk down the aisle to marry aaron leeson-woolley , her sister kim scott asked attendees to ' wear yellow ' in ms scott 's memory . scroll down for video . hundreds of women around the country hung up their wedding dresses in honour of murder victim stephanie scott . ms scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in canberra last month with her mother merrilyn . police found a body , that they believe to be the high school teacher , on the night before she was die to wed her partner of five years . ms scott 's sister kim scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on saturday to ' wear yellow ' in memory of stephanie , causing social media users to flood the internet with images of yellow clothing under the hashtag # wearatouchofyellow . facebook , instagram and twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing , balloons , ribbons , flowers and posters under the hashtag # wearatouchofyellow . by 12pm on saturday afternoon , the hashtag # stephaniescott was trending in australia , quickly followed by # putyourdressout which began trending at around 2pm as hundreds of women around the country shared images of their wedding dresses alongside messages of condolences for the bride-to-be and her family . bridal stores also joined in , with michele 's bridal & formal wear in victoria placing yellow balloons in their display windows alongside their gowns . hundreds of facebook users also changed their profile pictures to a yellow balloon with the words ' rest in peace stephanie ' , in a show of solidarity and support for the murder victim . hundreds of facebook user also changed their profile pictures to a yellow balloon with the words ' rest in peace stephanie ' in her honour . bridal stores also joined in , with michele 's bridal & formal wear in victoria placing yellow balloons in their display windows alongside their gowns . # yellowforscotty : pictures of bright yellow balloons and flowers adorning various public spaces were also shared widely . more than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for stephanie scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder . more than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for stephanie scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder . amongst those touched by her death is channel nine 's today show co-host lisa wilkinson , who shared a moving social media post alongside an image of the makeshift memorial outside of ms scott 's workplace at leeton in western nsw . ' tomorrow should have been the happiest day of bride-to-be stephanie scott 's life as she walked down the aisle to her childhood sweetheart aaron and the life they had planned together . instead , she is out there , somewhere , tonight while her heartbroken fiancé and family plan for her eventual funeral , ' wilkinson wrote . ' if you 're getting married tomorrow or simply attending a wedding as a guest , why not wear a touch of yellow in memory of stephanie . and if you can , spread the word ... it 's the very least this beautiful , committed young teacher deserved . ' more than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for stephanie scott on social media as the nation mourns over her tragic murder . by 12pm on saturday afternoon , the hashtag # stephaniescott was trending in australia , quickly followed by # putyourdressout which began trending at around 2pm . ' a little touch of yellow today in memory of stephanie scott ... my heart breaks for her fiancé and family , ' one instagram user wrote . aside from friends and loved ones of ms scott , hundreds of strangers have been touched by her tragic death . amongst those touched by ms scott 's death is channel nine 's today show co-host lisa wilkinson , who shared a touching social media post alongside an image of the makeshift memorial outside of ms scott 's workplace . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .