a stunning fireball that crackled across the sky near the russian-finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in october . this is according to a new study which claims the kola fireball had a ' disturbingly similar ' path to asteroid 2014 ur116 , which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 . spotted on april 19 last year , researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments . a stunning fireball that crackled across the sky near the russian-finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in october . pictured is he fireball at the time of entry at the kola peninsula . joseph maria trigo-rodríguez , a researcher at the institute of space sciences in barcelona , spain , headed the team of scientists who studied the meteorite 's orbit . they determined the fireball 's path by studying its flight and the meteorite 's final impact site , before creating a computer model based on those figures . this led researchers to the annama meteorite , which is an ordinary h5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls . the computer model compared the orbit of annama , a 1,100lb ( 500kg ) rock , with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-earth asteroids . scientists determined the fireball 's path by studying its flight and the meteorite 's final impact site , before creating a computer model based on those figures . this led researchers to the annama meteorite ( pictured ) . the computer model compared the orbit of annama ( pictured ) , a 1,100lb ( 500kg ) rock , with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-earth asteroids . 2014 ur116 , a mountain-sized asteroid which passes earth every three years , was discovered by russian scientists in december . vladimir lipunov , a professor at moscow state university , said the space rock , poses no immediate threat - although warned it could ' theoretically ' hit earth.. . however , he said it highlights the damage an asteroid could cause - in this case an explosion 1,000 times greater than the surprise 2013 impact of a bus-sized meteor in russia . at 400-metres ( 1,300 feet ) in size , the space rock is about the same size as the empire state building is tall . proffesor lipunov said it is difficult to calculate the orbit of big rocks like '2014 ur116 ' because their trajectories are constantly being changed by the gravitational pull of other planets . it showed a similarity with the evolution of 2014 ur116 , which given its size and minimum distance to the planet , has been classed a ' potentially dangerous asteroid ' . vladimir lipunov , a professor at moscow state university , said the space rock , poses no immediate threat - although warned it could ' theoretically ' hit earth . currently , 1,573 asteroids of this type are known so researchers are investigating to what extent they can pose a danger . while the study does not claim that asteroid 2014 ur116 sent the annama meteorite directly at earth , it suggests the two bodies are related . scientists believe that streams of asteroid fragments can travel on nearly identical orbits . tidal forces may disperse the debris over time and asteroids can also break up due to the pull of large planets . ' the tidal effect on an asteroid , which rapidly rotates under the gravitational field of a planet , can fragment these objects or release large rocks from its surface , ' said trigo . ' [ this ] could then become such dangerous projectiles at a local scale as the one fell in cheliábinsk ( russia ) on february 15th 2013 ' . manuel moreno-ibáñez , csic researcher that participated in the study , explains : ' the data we have obtained provided new clues about the origin of the rocks with a few meters in diameter that produce meteorite falls . ' so far , we only know the orbits of other 22 meteorites , and not always with the sought accuracy . ' the researchers hope their latest study will help shed light on how asteroid create projectiles , and which ones pose a threat to earth . knowing where the meteorite originates could also help them us better understand the formation and evolution of the solar system . the kola peninsula , where the fireball hit , is a peninsula in the far northwest of russia . constituting the bulk of the territory of murmansk oblast , it lies almost completely to the north of the arctic circle .