ed miliband last night repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees . labour has previously confidently predicted that the coalition 's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar , and the number of poor students going to university fall . but , in each case , the opposite has happened – and last night the party 's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team . scroll down for video . the labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved – saying these facts were not what voters were talking about . mr miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , fees and crime . mr miliband replied : ' i do n't think that 's a judgment that people are going to make at the election . ' the refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong since the election came in a combative interview with evan davis on the bbc 's newsnight . the labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by mr davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved – saying these facts were not what voters were talking about . mr miliband also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament , saying : ' the way you get credibility is not by picking out an arbitrary number in six years ' time . ' and he gave the strongest indication yet that ed balls would be chancellor in a labour-led government . mr davis brought up the subject of mr balls ' comment four years ago that it was ' fantasy ' to think britain would get job growth with all the cuts being made in the public sector . he asked the labour leader : ' what 's happened to jobs over the last five years ? ' mr miliband replied : ' what ed balls was doing was quoting what the office of budget responsibility were saying , which is there 'd be a very , very big impact on public sector jobs , and there were deep questions about whether the private sector jobs could make up the shortfall . ' the newsnight presenter challenged mr miliband on jobs , crimes and fees - but the labour leader refused to admit he had got it wrong on each occasion . in the interview , mr miliband refused to say how much labour would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament . when mr davis said he wanted to ' focus on the number of jobs ' , mr miliband had to admit : ' the number of jobs has gone up , but you know , i 'm going to let people in this election make the judgment about whether that means the economy 's fixed or not . ' mr davis interjected : ' it 's gone up by two million , has n't it ? about a thousand a day . ' the presenter then moved on to crime ; quoting shadow home secretary yvette cooper who said earlier this parliament that the cuts are ' risking public safety and the fight against crime ' . when asked what had happened to crime , mr miliband at first answered : ' violent crime 's actually up . so there are worries about violent crime . and there are big questions about what 's going to happen to policing in the next parliament . ' mr davis then asked him twice : ' what 's happened to crime overall ? ' , forcing mr miliband to reply : ' you 're definitely right that there are a number of statistics that the government cites to say everything 's fine in the country and everything 's doing well . certain areas of crime have gone down ; certain areas of crime have gone up . but let 's go to the big argument of this election . ' mr miliband gave the strongest indication yet that ed balls would be chancellor in a labour-led government . chuka umunna said he believed one in seven company directors should be from ethnic minority backgrounds – reflecting the population . the shadow business secretary told the london evening standard he would support an official target for boardroom diversity . during an lbc radio phone-in he was asked if he would either stand as a candidate for labour leader or london mayor . he said he had ' no interest ' in being mayor . pressed on the leadership , he replied : ' i 'm not getting into that conversation at all . ' the presenter interrupted him again to point out that the crime survey of england and wales showed it was at its lowest level since 1981 . mr davis then moved on to the rise in tuition fees , quoting chuka umunna saying in 2010 : ' how can these proposals do other than deter people from poor backgrounds from going to university ? ' mr miliband said : ' what i know is that there are 12 times more people from advantaged , privileged backgrounds going to university than disadvantaged backgrounds . and that is n't good enough for me and the country . ' after the labour leader declined twice to say what had actually happened to rates of enrolment from poorer students , mr davis told him the number had in fact increased by around a third . mr miliband replied : ' there are some more people going to university from different backgrounds . so the problem 's fixed is it ? ' asked : ' the judgment that was made was wrong ? ' , he replied : ' no , it was n't wrong . it is n't good enough for me that you 're 12 times more likely to get to university from an advantaged compared to a disadvantaged background . ' mr davis asked : ' so on issues about jobs , crime , social mobility , comments , predictions made by people in your team turn out to have been wrong . these are important areas . ' these are not minor quibbles are they ? these are huge issues that have had a large part to play in the last five years . ' ■fuel duty would rise ' in line with inflation ' under labour , climate change spokesman caroline flint said yesterday . the last labour government introduced the fuel duty escalator which saw the price of a litre of unleaded petrol rise by rpi inflation plus one pence . however , under the coalition it was frozen for a fifth year in succession , allowing the chancellor to boast that motorists have had '£10 off a tank with the tories ' .