this is the dramatic moment two typhoons came into land above an astonished father and son . the video captured by william bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson alex shows the £126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland . the first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines , while as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways . scroll down for video . incoming : the video shows two of the £126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland . overhead : as the second jet disappeared from view in the clip , the video camera was knocked sideways . the video was taken on the same day that typhoons were deployed by the royal air force as two russian long-range bear bombers , capable of carrying nuclear missiles , hugged british airspace . mr bird , who runs an aerial photography business in inverurie , aberdeenshire , captured the video on tuesday with a go pro 4 while on holiday with his family . the 41-year-old said that he was ‘ as close to the action as you could get’ , having gone to the area after hearing on the news that nato exercises were taking place in the area . he said : ‘ i went to see what i could capture . i was n't really sure what i would get but it was fantastic watching the video back . ‘ they came in very low and were preparing to land , but they were still under quite a lot of throttle . to see that much thrust is quite astonishing . my stepson is still making jet noises . ’ he added : ‘ it 's the first time i 've seen a typhoon in flight and the noise was just incredible . caught on camera : mr bird took the video on tuesday with a go pro 4 while on holiday with his family . ' you can hear it approach from far away , but when it 's above you have to fight every instinct not to duck or put your hands over your ears . ‘ shortly after taking this video we were actually told we should probably move a bit away since the planes were coming in to land . ’ as well as the bombers on tuesday , a russian warship strayed close to uk territory in another apparent attempt to test britain’s defences . a destroyer with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the english channel with two other russian ships . it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . just a few hours later the bear bombers hugged uk airspace . sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ‘snoop’ on the nato war games exercise taking place in scotland . even though russian military inspectors were invited to attend the show of strength , the timing raised suspicions that vladimir putin was using access to the site to test uk reaction times . it later emerged that the russians had actually been at the typhoons’ base at raf lossiemouth when the warplanes were scrambled .