late goals , a famous overhead kick and a rare paul scholes header are all included in wayne rooney 's top five derby days moments ahead of sunday 's crucial clash . the two sides are locked in a battle with arsenal for the second automatic champions league qualification place and neither side know that a defeat could see them slip out of contention . listed on his website , the manchester united striker spoke about his most memorable moments , which included four stoppage time winners . wayne rooney ( right ) has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby . 1 ) manchester united 2-1 manchester city , february 2011 , rooney overhead kick . sir alex ferguson 's side recorded a crucial win over their city rivals in the race for the premier league back in 2011 , and rooney 's spectacular overhead kick cemented his place in united folklore when it flew into the top corner past the helpless joe hart . the england striker could n't quite believe that had happened at full-time : ' it was a massive game for both teams and to score in that way was something i will never forget , the feeling was unbelievable . ' i knew nani was going to cross it so i was getting ready for an header , then it took a little deflection and come behind me , i never really had time to think and just tried the overhead and thankfully it went in the top corner . ' the england captain scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby and keep their title hopes alive . 2 ) manchester united 4-3 manchester city , september 2009 , michael owen 96 minute winner . in a ding-dong game at old trafford , craig bellamy scored a late equaliser for the visitors , as the home fans fell silent but with virtually the last kick of the game , ryan giggs found michael owen , who slotted home past the on-rushing shay given . rooney says it 's a game he 'll never forget : ' it was end to end for a lot of the game and when craig bellamy equalised in the 90th minute everyone thought that was it , so when michael owen scored in the last few seconds it was an unbelievable moment for both michael and the team and it 's certainly a moment i will never forget . ' michael owen ( right ) scored a 96 minute winner not long after craig bellamy had equalised for the visitors . 3 ) manchester united 3-1 manchester city , january 2010 , rooney sends his side to wembley . former united striker carlos tevez looked like he 'd sent the carling cup semi-final into extra-time after cancelling out goals from paul scholes and michael carrick , but rooney had other ideas , when he headed home a stoppage time goal and send his side to wembley . rooney said : ' to score the decisive goal late on in any game is a special feeling for any player , but to do it in a derby and to send your team into a final makes it even better . ' rooney scored a stoppage time winner to send united through to the carling cup final at wembley . 4 ) manchester city 0-1 manchester united , april 2010 , scholes heads home last-gasp goal . the midfield maestro 's rare header was the third stoppage time goal united had scored against their rivals in that season , as they kept their title hopes alive in a game they could n't afford to slip-up , which is why rooney ranks this goal as one of the most important . he said : ' paul scholes 's header was vital for us that season and kept us in the title race . at that stage of the season every game is massive , especially when you need to win , so for something like that to happen just when you think the game is coming to an end is incredible . ' paul scholes headed home an injury time to keep his side in the hunt for the premier league title . 5 ) manchester city 2-3 manchester united , december 2012 , van persie stoppage time free-kick . united 's big signing of the season , robin van persie , proved his worth when he fired home a free-kick from the edge of the box for another stoppage time winner , putting rooney and co six points clear at the top of the premier league table . ' this was a massive game , they came to old trafford as the champions , said rooney . ' so for robin to score the winner late on and take us 6 points clear at the top of the table was very important ' . robin van persie 's deflected free-kick put united six points clear at the top on their to winning the league .