the very first black james bond villain , yaphet kotto , has said the legendary secret agent role should only ever be portrayed by a white actor and ' political correctness be damned ' . kotto , who starred as dr kananga in the 1973 bond installment live and let die , said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor and should be portrayed on the big screen as such . his comments come in response to months of speculation that black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig 's successor . scroll down for video . yaphet kotto ( pictured opposite roger moore in live and let die ) said james bond can not be portrayed by a black man . in an interview with big issue , kotto said : ' political correctness be damned , we have to stay with what is literally correct . ' he said : ' he was established as a white character , played by white actors . i do n't think it 's right for black actors or writers to do roles that whites have made historically white roles . ' kotto argued that a black man could play 003 or 006 , but could not be 007 , and suggested new characters should be written for black heroes . last month veteran bond actor roger moore was widely condemned for his claim that elba , 42 , could not be the next james bond because he was not ' english english ' enough . following the publication of the interview , sir roger faced strong criticism on twitter over the statement . he made the 'english-english ' comments , even though former bonds sean connery , timothy dalton and pierce brosnan were scottish , welsh and irish . after being accused of ' racism ' , he claimed his comments were lost in translation during the interview with a french magazine . elba is seen as the leading contender to play bond once daniel craig holsters his walther ppk for the last time . hackney-born idris elba ( pictured ) has been tipped to replace daniel craig as the next james bond actor . current james bond daniel craig ( pictured ) has said elba is the only possible choice to replace him . he was born in hackney , raised in east ham , schooled in canning town , started work in dagenham and he supports arsenal . however , with speculation rampant he is being lined up to replace craig , elba himself has said he has ruled out taking the role . today the sun reported him as saying : ' it 's a rumour that 's really started to eat itself . if there was a chance of me getting bond , it 's gone . ' he also responded to claims he was not ' english ' enough for the role , stating he was ' born and raised ' in england . following live and let die , kotto went on to take central roles in several successful hollywood films , including alien and midnight run . sean connery , pictured , who was replaced as bond by roger moore , played 007 with a scottish accent . timothy dalton , left , who played james bond during the 1980s following moore , was born in wales . while pierce brosnan , right , pictured with desmond llewelyn , left , was born in the irish republic . 