a former tsa agent claims groping happens every day at security checkpoints across the united states and staff routinely bend the rules to get their hands on passengers . jason edward harrington , who worked with the government agency for six years , added screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like . his comments follow revelations that two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights . writing for time magazine , he said the case was disturbing but admitted it came as no surprise to him . allegations : jason edward harrington , who worked with the tsa for six years , claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across the country and said staff of ' bending the rules ' so they could inappropriately touch passengers ( file picture ) . ' over the course of my six years with the tsa , the leveraging of rules and surveillance tools to abuse passengers was a daily checkpoint occurrence , ' he said . ' and while it’s easy to focus all the blame on the two unsavory screeners who are now no longer with the agency , perhaps the bigger issue here is a systemic one : there are far too many federal hands on people’s private parts in airports . he added : ' perhaps the most disturbing part of the sexual assault of male passengers at denver international via full-body scanners is that the victims will likely never even know they were assaulted , since so many passengers have their private parts fondled when passing through the scanners , anyway . 'it’s difficult to tell where airport security ends and sexual assault begins these days . pat-downs of people’s sensitive areas should be much rarer than they are at the airport . ' mr harrington also alleged the body scanners , that are used by millions of americans every year , are ' practically useless ' . ' the tsa , in its rush to replace the controversial “nude” radiation scanners that they phased out in 2013 , swapped out one poorly functioning line of machines for another . ' the current millimeter wave scanners , with their outrageous false-positive rates , regularly cause unnecessary pat-downs : the agent running his or her hands over you after you pass through the scanner is almost never doing it for a good reason . ' the sackings follow a number of controversies over the screening of passengers at u.s. airports since 2010 , when the agency adopted heightened security measures including full body imaging and pat downs . in november , a tsa employee tipped off the agency that a male screener at the airport told her he groped male passengers he found attractive , according to a denver police report . in response , an investigator went to the airport in february and saw the screener signal to a female colleague when a certain male passenger entered the screening area , the police report said . scandal : his comments follow revelations that two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver ( security pictured ) as part of a scheme to pat men down as they passed through security checks . the woman colleague used a touchscreen system to categorize the passenger falsely as a female , which caused a scanning machine erroneously to detect an anomaly and trigger a pat-down of the passenger , the police report said . the investigator watched as the male screener then used that opportunity to pat down the passenger 's groin and buttocks , according to the police report . the woman screener was later interviewed by the investigator and told him she had participated in the pat-down scheme at least 10 other times . `` these alleged acts are egregious and intolerable . tsa has removed the two officers from the agency , '' the tsa said in a statement . the names of the two fired tsa screeners were withheld from the denver police report released to the media . the tsa submitted its findings to denver police , who turned the case over to the district attorney 's office for a possible charge of unlawful sexual contact . none of the passengers believed to have been touched by the screener could be identified , so prosecutors declined to file that charge , said office spokeswoman lynn kimbrough . potential victims have already began contacting the tsa and , as the investigation continues , criminal charges could come in the future . earlier this month it was also revealed the tsa would ' enhance ' pat-down training following complaints from african-american women that they were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings .