police captured coyote who led them on a chase through downtown new york city on saturday . cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am , the new york post reported . officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars . for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ' like a suspect ' . they then managed to corner it at merchants river house on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart , the post reported . it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the aspca . it is not known whether it was the same coyote that was spotted in manhattan 's riverside park on wednesday . at least four coyotes have been spotted around manhattan so far this year , and one was seen clambering around on the roof of a queens bar before disappearing , says sarah aucoin , the director of the city 's urban park rangers program . three of the animals were captured in manhattan and released in bronx parks with established coyote populations , she said . cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city . for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ' like a suspect ' . officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars . police chased after the fourth on wednesday in manhattan 's riverside park , even using a helicopter before until the animal secreted itself in deep brush near grant 's tomb . there 's no firm count of coyotes or sightings in the nation 's biggest city , but the population is probably at least in the teens , says wildlife biologist chris nagy , a co-founder of a study group called the gotham coyote project and the research director at the mianus river gorge in bedford , new york . with some coyotes ensconced and breeding in the bronx , others are likely heading into manhattan this spring to seek their own turf , said coyote project co-founder mark weckel , a conservation biologist at the american museum of natural history . coyotes were once creatures of midwestern plains and southwestern deserts . but they have dramatically expanded their range in the last two centuries , partly because of declines in their predators , such as wolves and cougars , experts say . although coyotes have been hunted for sport and killed as threats to livestock , they 're now found from coast to coast . there are an estimated 30,000 in new york state , where they were first noted in the 1930s , the state department of environmental conservation says . the wild animal crossed roads and avoided cars as it ran freely on saturday morning . a police car with its sirens on is seen trying to chase down the coyote . everytime they got close , the animal ran away . then they managed to corner it at merchants river house on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart . it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the aspca ( right ) .  