brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager at the end of this season . the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton and spoke with bees owner matthew benham . current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month after feeling his vision did not match that of brentford , who are to implement a continental approach to their management structure . brentford are considering gianfranco zola to replace mark warburton at the club when he leaves this summer . the italian was manager of watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012 , and led them to the play-offs . zola is best remembered for the seven years he spent at chelsea , where he scored 59 premier league goals . zola is one of a number of candidates on the list to replace warburton , with benham also sounding out coaches from spain and france . the owner wants to follow the lead of his danish side fc midtjylland , who are on the cusp of winning the superliga , sitting 11 points clear at the top . in keeping with benham’s want for mathematical modelling , zola would need to agree to having a statistics man alongside him should talks go well . warburton is leaving brentford this summer because his vision for the club did not match the owners ' . rayo vallecano’s paco jemez was the initial favourite to land the job . brentford could still win promotion to the premier league in the coming weeks but have fallen three points beneath the play-offs with two games remaining . zola was sacked by cagliari last month after failing to win a game during his three-month stint in charge . they are primed to drop out of serie a alongside parma . but the former watford head coach does have extensive experience of managing in england and would buy into the european way to start in west london . he also enjoyed a largely successful spell at west ham for two years from 2008 . zola was sacked by relegation-threatened cagliari last month after a winless spell in serie a . brentford are still in the hunt for promotion but are three points outside the play-off places .