eden hazard and harry kane appear set to contest the pfa player of the year award after the six-man shortlist was unveiled . hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form for chelsea , runaway leaders at the top of the barclays premier league , but kane is the homespun hero after a fabulous breakthrough season at tottenham . the 21-year-old spurs striker has 29 goals in all competitions to date and forced his way into roy hodgson’s squad , scoring within 79 seconds of his england debut against lithuania last month . harry kane 's prolific form for tottenham has seen him nominated for pfa player of the year . eden hazard ( left ) has propelled chelsea to the top of the premier league with his brilliant displays . diego costa ( right ) scores for chelsea in the capital one cup final victory over tottenham at wembley . alexis sanchez has had no trouble adapting to the premier league , scoring 20 times for arsenal so far . eden hazard - chelsea . diego costa - chelsea . harry kane - tottenham hotspur . alexis sanchez - arsenal . david de gea - manchester united . philippe coutinho - liverpool . kane , the only english player up for the main award , has scored 19 in the premier league , the same number as diego costa , who is also on the shortlist , along with alexis sanchez , philippe coutinho and david de gea . manchester city’s miserable demise is perhaps summed up by the fact none of their players made the cut , including sergio aguero who also has 19 premier league goals and is locked together with kane and costa in the race for the golden boot . hazard , 24 , is heavily odds-on with the bookmakers after leading chelsea’s charge for a first title in five years and 17 goals in all competitions . goalkeeper david de gea ( left ) has been manchester united 's most impressive player of the season . philippe coutinho ( left ) has enjoyed his best season yet for liverpool and is also up for player of the year . the pfa young player of the year nominations are : eden hazard - chelsea . harry kane - tottenham hotspur . philippe coutinho - liverpool . raheem sterling - liverpool . david de gea - manchester united . thibaut courtois - chelsea . arsene wenger plumped for hazard when asked to name his winner , without voting for anyone from his arsenal squad . sanchez made an explosive start to the campaign but his form has faded during the spring , when the votes are cast . the same could be said for costa , who scored 13 of his 19 chelsea goals before the turn of the year . de gea’s early-season form was strong , too , keeping manchester united in contention for the top four as louis van gaal struggled to find the right formula . hazard ( left ) poses with former liverpool striker luis suarez ( right ) after last year 's award ceremony . john terry voted for coutinho but the brazilian is an outsider because liverpool have been unable to match last season’s success . four of the six - all but costa and sanchez - are also on the shortlist for the young player of the year with thibaut courtois and raheem sterling making up the numbers . kane is the favourite to win the young player award . 