the home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it . the home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it . an mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . but instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police . the revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up . the missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late paedophile liberal mp cyril smith who continued in public life despite repeated warnings of his crimes . it heaps pressure on the home office to reveal exactly who knew what and when about the disturbing allegations against janner . last night labour’s simon danczuk – who outed smith as a predatory child abuser – called on the department to ‘ come clean’ . ‘ the director of public prosecutions has admitted there were previously missed opportunities to investigate lord janner , ’ he said . ‘ the home office needs to come clean on what information was passed to officials in 1995 . ‘ this scandal is getting worse every day and the public are rightly angry at the shambolic way this case has been handled . ’ director of public prosecutions alison saunders sparked fury earlier this month when she said janner could face 22 charges but his health is too poor to put him on trial . she said that the former leicester mp was investigated in 1991 , 2002 and 2006 but mistakes meant he was never charged . now the daily mail can reveal a fourth opportunity was missed when an unnamed mp passed a dossier to the home office in 1995 . the politician received a letter linking janner to prolific paedophile frank beck , who died in jail the previous year . beck was jailed in 1991 for abusing children after a trial in which janner was named by a victim , prompting him to proclaim his innocence in the commons . the mp expected the 11 pages of detailed notes , which also identified several other suspects , to be passed to police . but nothing was done until it was uncovered during a review of home office archives in 2013 . labour mp simon danczuk is calling for the home office to ' come clean ' over the dossier . the director of public prosecutions alison saunders earlier sparked fury by saying lord janner could face 22 charges . lord janner’s £2million home was transferred to his three children by someone holding power of attorney , officials have confirmed . the apartment near hampstead heath in north london was signed over free of charge in march last year – the same month police raided his westminster office and three months after they searched his home . the apartment is likely to have been janner’s most valuable asset , and the revelation raises questions about whether the labour grandee – who was diagnosed with alzheimer’s in 2009 – and his family planned for the possibility of being sued by his alleged victims . in 2013 , paedophile bbc presenter stuart hall signed over the deeds of his £2million mansion to his wife just before he was jailed . he then offered his victims as little as £2,000 compensation . home secretary theresa may ordered the review over fears her department was holding evidence of historic child abuse by influential people . a trawl through more than 700,000 documents identified four ‘items’ that should be passed to police . in a heavily censored report , one document involved the paedophile ring led by beck which preyed on vulnerable children at leicestershire care homes . it stated : ‘ allegations from xx that xx could have been involved in the child abuse along with convicted paedophile frank beck . the writer… also claimed that some police investigations had already taken place but there is no evidence that the home office passed the complete information to police . ’ michael howard was home secretary when the mp sent the letter warning about janner to his department . a spokesman for the former tory leader , who is now a peer , said he had ‘ no recollection’ of seeing the dossier but believes such material should have been forwarded to police . soon after the publication of the theresa may review , a second , more in-depth report homed in on allegations against janner in august 2014 . conducted by nspcc chief executive peter wanless , it specifically asked government departments to search their archives for mentions of ‘ greville janner’ . when the report was published in november it revealed a file on janner was among 114 dossiers on child sex abuse that went missing from the home office . last night , the home office highlighted how both reviews did not directly accuse it of covering up information on child abuse . 