part of a fiberglass boat spotted floating off the coast of oregon is thought to be more debris from the 2011 japanese tsunami . the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9.30am on thursday . biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university 's hatfield marine science center inspected the boat remains and and found ' several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan . ' tsunami debris : a chunk of a fiberglass boat 25-30 ' long has been spotted floating off the oregon shore . rescued : these live yellowtail jack fish , native to japan , were found inside the floating debris and are now being housed in the oregon coast aquarium . the several live yellowtail jack fish found on board will be delivered to the oregon coast aquarium . five million tons of wreckage - the remains of homes , boats , and other remnants of shattered lives in eastern japan - were swallowed by the ocean when the tsunami struck four years ago . about 70 per cent of it sank , leaving about 1.5 million tons floating with scientists saying they expect more debris to hit alaska and the west coast of north america for years to come . an estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in march of 2011 during the tsunami . around 70 percent of it is believed to have immediately sunk near the japanese coast . some more mobile items may have reached the pacific northwest before 2011 even came to a close . the first documented piece of debris to arrive in california , a barnacle covered fishing boat , came ashore in april 2013 . the particles are dispersed sparsely from alaska to the philippines . in 2013 , a floating island of debris the size of texas crossed the vast pacific ocean to the western shores of the americas . the oregan authorities plan to tow the boat segment to the port of newport for temporary storage . ' the debris appears to be half to two-thirds of a larger vessel , possibly damaged and set adrift during the earthquake and tsunami that struck the east coast of japan in 2011 , ' said chris havel of the oregon parks and recreation department . he said biologists inspected the object and consulted with the state fish and wildlife department , deciding that the attached organisms pose little threat to the oregon coast ecosystem . the remains of the boat will eventually be removed from the water , studied , dismantled and taken to a landfill . wreckage : the fiberglass remains of the boat found floating off the coast of oregon yesterday . wreckage : a floating island of debris the size of texas floated toward california coast in 2013 after washing into the pacific in japan 's horrific 2011 tsunami . ghost ship : the 164ft japanese fishing vessel ryou-un maru entered us waters march 31 , 2012 , on its ghostly journey after being washed away by the massive wave . the ship eventually sank in the gulf of alaska .