russian president vladimir putin has claimed that intercepted phone calls prove the us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia . russian president vladimir putin has claimed that intercepted phone calls prove the us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia . in a documentary aired today on state-owned rossiya-1 tv channel , he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services . ' at one point our secret services simply detected direct contacts between militants from the north caucasus and representatives of the united states secret services in azerbaijan , ' putin said . putin said he raised the issue with then-us president george w. bush , who promised to ' kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question . but he claimed a few days later the heads of russia 's fsb received a letter from their american counterparts , which said they had the right to support opposition forces in russia . ' someone over there , especially the west 's intelligence services , obviously thought that if they act to destabilize their main geopolitical rival , which , as we now understand , in their eyes has always been russia , it would be good for them . it turned out , it was n't , ' putin said . he said he had warned the west about the possible dangers of supporting terrorists . following a disastrous war in the 1990s , russia fought islamic insurgents in chechnya and neighboring regions in the volatile north caucasus . ' they were actually helping them , even with transportation , ' putin said . the documentary ' the president ' showed putin being interviewed at the kremlin in the dimly-lit st. alexander 's hall . he even defended the annexation of crimea as a response to the will of the people , saying it righted a historical injustice . the annexation of the black sea peninsula from ukraine in march 2014 provoked the worst crisis between the west and russia since the end of the cold war . putin said he had no regrets . ' it 's not because crimea has a strategic importance in the black sea region . it 's because this has elements of historical justice . i believe we did the right thing and i do n't regret anything , ' he said . putin said he raised the issue with then-us president george w. bush , who promised to ' kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question . putin also said sanctions imposed by the west after the annexation were aimed at halting russia 's progress as a global power . putin condemned punitive sanctions imposed by the united states and european union . ' we have witnessed such attempts during russia 's entire history , dating back to tsarist times . this attempt to deter russia , this policy , has been known for a long time , for centuries . there is nothing new , ' he was reported as saying . putin also expressed his fears that the west wishes russia harm as he recalled how some world leaders told him they would not mind russia 's possible disintegration . ' my counterparts , a lot of presidents and prime ministers told me later on that they had decided for themselves by then that russia would cease to exist in its current form , ' he said . ' the only question was when it happens and what consequences would be . '