it’s that time of year when the english challenge in europe fades in the face of overwhelming firepower and the thorny issue of the salary cap re-surfaces . this time , dai young has sounded the annual alarm . wasps’ director of rugby could not have asked much more from his gallant side as they pushed toulon all the way before losing their champions cup quarter-final at stade felix mayol on sunday . yet , the scale of what they were up against was illustrated by the sight of matt giteau and juan fernandez lobbe – two of the world’s finest players – coming on as replacements for the hosts . a pair of springboks , bryan habana and juan smith , were among a glittering non-playing contingent . wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday . lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground . toulon 's english speedster delon armitage makes a break for the defending champions . clermont v saracens , stade geoffroy-guichard , st etienne , saturday , april 18 , 3.15pm ( gmt ) . toulon v leinster , stade vélodrome , marseille , sunday , april 19 , 3.15pm ( gmt ) . young quipped that the absence of leigh halfpenny from the toulon ranks meant that wasps only had ‘ about five world-class full-backs to worry about’ . the joke hinted at a more serious point ; the personnel gulf between the wealthy french elite and their premiership rivals . the english clubs simply can’t compete when the leading top 14 sides play to their potential , due to the disparity in budgets . yet again , the salary cap — currently £5.5million — is back on the agenda . ‘ there are pros and cons for everything , ’ said young . ‘ the salary cap has worked ; all the clubs have been sustainable for a long period , it’s the most competitive league in europe and there have been two or three different title winners in the last few seasons , too . wasps ' no 10 alex lozowski kicks away from michalak during their european champions cup quarter-final . toulon playmaker frederic michalak pulls the strings for the defending european champions . ‘ it has also meant a lot of young english players are getting exposure at that level , so it has done what it was intended to do . but maybe we need a a re-think about how important europe is to the english teams and how the salary cap leaves us when playing against the big french teams . ‘ realistically , premiership teams need a bit of luck to arrive at these games with their best team fit . with the salary cap , there’s no way we can match the massive squads these clubs have . ’ wasps couldn’t match toulon’s depth of playing resources , but they did trouble the holders thanks to the dynamic efforts of two young englishmen — centre elliot daly and scrum-half joe simpson . their electric running maintained the form young believes should put them in contention for a place in england’s world cup squad . ‘ i don’t know what more they can do , ’ said the welshman . ‘ if england want to win the world cup , these are the type of players you have to get in your team . ’ new zealander williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned . ali williams crosses for a late try for toulon as they put victory over wasps on sunday beyond doubt . 