no blame : baroness hale of richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes . divorce laws in england and wales should remove the need for allegations of adultery and blame , britain’s most senior female judge has said . baroness hale of richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce . divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons : adultery ; unreasonable behaviour ; desertion for two or more years ; two years’ separation with consent ; or five years’ separation without consent . the second reason – unreasonable behaviour’ – is by far the most widely used . around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year and those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour , which , critics argue , encourages recriminations . lady hale , who is deputy president to the supreme court and the only woman among the 12 supreme court justices , also wants couples to be made to sort out arrangements for children and money before obtaining a divorce as part of the overhaul . she told the times : ‘ we should make it take longer to get a divorce and encourage people to sort out what happens to the home , children , money before , rather than after , they get a divorce . ’ couples would have a one-year ‘ cooling off period’ after declaring that their marriage had permanently broken down in order for them to sort out arrangements . lady hale , 70 , was behind the move for ‘ no fault’ divorce in england and wales 20 years ago . conservative mps saw off the proposals and said that removing fault would take away responsibility and undermine the concept of marriage . last night campaigners and lawyers backed the proposed overhaul . resolution : lady hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved before divorce is finalised . sir paul coleridge , former family high court judge and chairman of the marriage foundation , told the times : ‘ lady hale , a complete expert with decades of experience across this whole field , is entirely right . ‘ our current system which pretends to be fault-based is in practice and reality no such thing . ' the fault is largely invented to get a quick divorce — a hangover from pre-1970 days which is manipulated by lawyers and parties . ’ 