a terrifying image reveals the moment a ' highly skilled ' pilot spun out of control during an aerobatic display - right before the plane crashed in front of horrified spectators this afternoon . smoke billows from david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane above old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk . the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show . a friend who wished to stay anonymous said : ' he was the best bloke i knew . he was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing . ' mr jenkins was a member of the wildcat aerobatic team based at old buckenham airfield and has been a regular competitor at uk aerobatics competitions , winning over 40 medals . scroll down for video . terror : a terrifying new image reveals the moment david jenkins ' plane spun out of control - before crashing at the old buckenham airfield . deceased : a friend of the dead pilot who has been named locally as david jenkins ' said : ' he was the best bloke i knew ' . tragedy : the pilot of an aerobatics display aircraft is feared dead after crashing in front of horrified spectators this afternoon ( file photo of an edge 360 ) . response : police and rescue services attended the scene in old buckenham ( pictured ) where a pilot has died after his stunt plane crashed . disaster : the single-engine edge 360 plane was being put through its paces when it crashed in flames at old buckenham airfield near norfolk ( pictured ) . eyewitnesses saw the plane go into a flat spin and failing to come out if it during its display at around 2.45pm . witnesses said that the burning wreckage of the plane was extinguished by firefighters . lauren cope , a reporter for the eastern daily press who was at the press launch , said : ' it 's very quiet here and everyone is very emotional . ' mr jenkins was named british advanced champion in 2012 and 2013 and a member of the uk team at the 2012 aerobatic world championships . according to his profile on the wildcat 's website , he began flying as a teenager living near panshangar airfield near welwyn garden city . a pilot who flew out of the airfield this morning said he only found out about the tragedy when he returned this evening after being diverted elsewhere . simon garrett said : ' we were due to land back here but were sent elsewhere because of this emergency . ' we did n't know anybody had died until now . it is a terrible tragedy and very unusual because the teams involved are highly skilled . i knew the gentleman involved and he was very experienced . ' a norfolk police spokesman said that ' sadly the pilot of the aircraft died at the scene ' and his next of kin has been informed . an area of the airfield has been cordoned off - most probably overnight - while the investigation is handed over to the air accident investigation branch and a file prepared for the coroner . emergency : a local resident says she knew something bad had happened when she heard police sirens rushing to the airfield . crash : the plane went down just 50 metres from a group of around 20 people who were at a press day to publicise an air show at old buckenham airfield ( pictured ) . a norfolk police spokesman said : ' officers attended , along with colleagues from norfolk fire and rescue service and the east of england ambulance service , to find wreckage near to the airfield . ' police believe one person has died as a result of the crash and officers are currently trying to identify and inform next of kin . firefighters and ambulance crews are also in attendance . ' the east anglia air ambulance helicopter , ambulance paramedics and police were also quickly on the scene . a spokeswoman for the east of england ambulance service said : ' the air ambulance , an ambulance and an ambulance officer have been sent to an incident at the airfield . ' a spokesperson for the airfield said the air accidents investigation branch ( aaib ) would be be notified . tribute : a friend of the pilot who died at the old buckenham airfield today said : ' he was the best bloke i knew ' . victim : norfolk police believes one person has died as a result of the crash and officers are currently trying to identify and inform next of kin . accident : the single-engine plane was being put through its paces when it crashed in flames at old buckenham airfield ( pictured ) . 64-year-old sue cottee who lives nearby says she heard the emergency services rushing to the tragic scene . she said : ' i assumed it was a crash on the main road . i knew something big had happened but i 'm so shocked to hear a pilot died . it 's really sad . ' i go down to the air show every year with my family . they fly the planes overhead every day and i see them practising when i take my dog out . ' an air accident investigation board spokesman said : ' we are aware of an incident . we have deployed at team to the scene to start investigations . '