an 11-year-old retired k-9 officer took his last ride in a squad car in a heartwarming farewell held by fellow officers and residents celebrating his time on the force . zeus , a german shepherd , was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health . the tribute for the police dog , who worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k-9 officer , began around 4.45pm and ended at the ridgefield veterinary hospital . scroll down for video . zeus ( pictured above ) , an 11-year-old retired k-9 officer was honored in a special tribute on wednesday by the ridgefield police department . the german shepherd , who served eight years in the force , took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week ( zeus pictured with officer shawn murray , his former partner and carer after he retired ) . on wednesday , ahead of the procession , the police department wrote an emotional message about zeus on their facebook . ' today is the day we have to say goodbye to our beloved k-9 zeus , ' they wrote . ' it is an extremely emotional day for all of us . ' he was a fellow officer and friend . he will be deeply missed but never forgotten . our thoughts and prayers are with zeus , officer murray and his family during this difficult time . ' during the grand procession , residents of ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town . zeus had the special tribute before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health ( zeus pictured during the procession on wednesday ) . officers from the department and police departments across the state came to pay their tributes . zeus was being taken to ridgefield veterinary clinic ( above ) where he was to be euthanized . the vehicles traveled from the police headquarter and ended at the veterinary hospital . residents held signs reading ' thank you zeus ' and ' zeus our hero during the afternoon . a flag was waved at half staff next to a draped black cloth at the department as officer shawn murray , zeus 's former partner , pushed him in a cart during the tribute . ' this is an honor to be here for him during his last moments , ' chief john roche told wtnh . ' the disease that had racked him had deteriorated to such a point where it was just so difficult for him to exist and continue on . ' a flag was waved at half staff next to a draped black cloth at the department ( pictured above ) . chief john roche ( above ) said during the tribute : ' this is an honor to be here for him during his last moments ' . in his eight-year career with the force , zeus assisted with more than 250 narcotics arrest and also helped officers track down 50 missing or wanted individuals . the largest amount of narcotics he was responsible for seizing was ten pounds of marijuana in 2006 , when he joined the force and was partnered with officer murray who he continued to reside with after his retirement . the animal had to retire last may due to health issues , and for some losing zeus is not only losing a coworker , but also a family member . ' he was in the yard when there were picnics , ' detective scott murray , officer murray 's brother told wtnh . ' he played , he chased the ball , he did what all normal dogs do , what all normal family dogs do , except he had a job . ' following the special tribute , the police department wrote their final goodbye to zeus . on wednesday , the police department wrote an emotional goodbye to zeus thanking him for keeping them safe . the police department said it was an honor to work beside zeus . during his eight-year career with the force , the dog assisted with over 250 narcotics arrests ( his badge pictured right ) . ridgefield police department officers said : ' you will be dearly missed but never forgotten ' . ' zeus , it is with tears in our eyes that we must say goodbye , ' they wrote . ' you were a valued member of our team and only did great things . ' it was an honor to work beside you and knowing that you were there always helped put our minds at ease . ' we know you would not have hesitated to lay down your life for any of us if we were ever faced with a life threatening situation . you wore the ridgefield police badge with respect , pride and dignity . ' thank you for keeping us all safe over the years . you will be dearly missed but never forgotten . rest in peace our friend . '