a man who was run over by suge knight has refused to testify against the rap mogul , defiantly stating in court that he is ' no snitch ' . cle ' bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder . but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion terry carter , 55 , was killed . ' no snitch ' : cle ' bone ' sloan , 45 , ( left , file photo ) told the court that he ' will not be used to send suge knight ( pictured right last week ) to prison ' . knight is accused of murdering terry carter , 55 , and trying to murder sloan , whom he left with broken bones and other injuries . suge is accused of murdering carter and trying to murder sloan , but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt . speaking to the court , sloan said : ' i do n't want it to get misconstrued that i told on this man . ' i 'm no snitch . i will not be used to send suge knight to prison . ' at one point he even refused to confirm that he recognized knight in court . he also said he was only there because he had been subpoenaed . knight , who is diabetic and has previously collapsed in trial hearings , is being kept in jail while the hearings proceed . last week he came to court in a wheelchair , which his lawyers described as a ' ploy ' to humiliate him . the judge said that if he did not need it to walk he would not have to use it again . at monday 's hearing sloan even seemed to speak in knight 's defense - telling the court that he punched him through the window of the truck earlier in the fatal encounter . strapped in : knight , pictured above on april 8 , is being held on a $ 25million bail . he came to court last week strapped to a wheelchair . he later agreed with knight 's defense attorney when he said knight ' had n't attacked you in any form , fashion or manner . ' summarizing his position , sloan said : ''every day , i tried to forget it , ' sloan said . ' i just know , i screwed up , and terry 's dead . ' in response to his apparent memory lapse , judge ronald coen said that ' this witness is being deceptive . ' killed : terry carter , 55 , was killed after knight ran him down . he has claimed the killing was legal as he was trying to escape . knight was caught on camera running over sloan and carter during the january 29 encounter . sloan and carter were both involved with straight outta compton , an upcoming film about the rap group n.w.a . sloan 's testimony was offered during a preliminary hearing monday during which a judge will determine whether there 's enough evidence for knight to stand trial on any of the charges . authorities contend knight intentionally hit sloan and carter . but knight 's attorney matt fletcher says his client was ambushed and was trying to escape an attack when he hit the men . fletcher pressed sloan on his feelings toward knight and whether he was ' enraged ' at him on the day of the incident . sloan said he was mad , but disputed that he told detectives that he was enraged . knight , 49 , was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s , and his label once listed dr. dre , tupac shakur and snoop dogg among its artists . he lost control of the company after it was forced into bankruptcy . he has prior felony convictions for armed robbery and assault with a gun . he pleaded no contest in 1995 and was sentenced to five years ' probation for assaulting two rap entertainers at a hollywood recording studio in 1992 . he was sentenced in february 1997 to prison for violating terms of that probation by taking part in a fight at a las vegas hotel hours before shakur was fatally wounded in a drive-by attack as he rode in knight 's car just east of the las vegas strip . shakur 's slaying remains unsolved . knight 's court hearings already have become dramatic affairs — he fired one set of attorneys during a hearing and medical conditions sent him to the hospital four times from courthouse appearances . he complained last week when deputies brought him into court handcuffed to a wheelchair and has detailed health woes , including weight loss and blindness in one eye , when he 's been allowed to speak in court . upset : carter 's family gasped as they saw prosecutors handling a picture of his dead body in court . the appearance of fragility comes in sharp contrast to knight 's violent reputation and his once-feared status in the music industry . he faces up to life in prison if convicted of killing carter . knight is being held on $ 25 million bail , an amount his defense claims is excessive . according to the new york daily news , carter 's two daughters gasped and walked out of court after seeing prosecutors holding a picture of their father 's dead body . crystal carter reportedly said outside court : ' i loved my dad , i miss him . '