angelina jolie 's acclaimed film about the kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old girl in ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner . but the hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of difret were accused of exploiting the real-life victim at the heart of its story . aberash bekele , 32 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially , to pay her compensation . fear : aberash bekele ( second left ) believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals . hollywood glamour : angelina jolie , 39 , has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work . miss bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage . she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors . while she was released by the courts , local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family . miss jolie , who helped produce the film , spoke about how it will ' make a change ' in the world and it was screened last year at her global summit to end sexual violence in conflict , hosted in london , co-chaired by then foreign secretary william hague . but miss bekele believes the film , which has won awards around the world , could put her and her family in danger of reprisals . she was never consulted by the film-makers and did not give them permission to lay her traumas bare on screen . with the character based on miss bekele renamed hirut and with the film focusing on her lawyer , the ethiopian directors originally refused to acknowledge it was about her . miss bekele , now a mother of one , was the focus of a 1999 bbc documentary schoolgirl killer , made by journalist charlotte metcalf . miss metcalf , who saw miss bekele earlier this year , said : ' aberash feels doubly abducted not to have had the story acknowledged as hers . it 's an absolute outrage that they should pretend it could have been anyone 's story and she 's still fighting that . ' today , she could be bathing in the glow of international admiration for her extraordinary courage and resilience . instead she is invisible , her story taken . ' last year , miss bekele won an injunction banning the film from being shown in ethiopia . respected : the oscar-winning actress is a special envoy for the united nations high commissioner for refugees and was awarded an honorary damehood by the queen for her efforts . she obtained it on the night of the film 's premiere in the country , just after the producers had screened a message from miss jolie in which she admitted it was based on the ' untold story of aberash bekele ' . while an out-of-court settlement eventually led to miss bekele being paid a small amount of money , she still lives in poverty and feels she has been exploited by the film . she told an ethiopian newspaper : ' my life is on the edge [ financially ] while they are planning to premiere my story in a glamorous way . that is not right . ' miss jolie , 39 , a mother of six who is married to fellow star brad pitt , 51 , has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work . the oscar-winning actress is a special envoy for the united nations high commissioner for refugees and was awarded an honorary damehood by the queen for her efforts . last year she spoke excitedly about difret getting a wider release , saying : ' i cried for the first 20 minutes and then i smiled for the rest of it thinking i ca n't wait for the world to see it because it will make a change ' . her representatives did not respond to requests for a comment yesterday . 