move over grumpy cat - the latest sourpuss to become an internet sensation is scowling feline pompous albert . the grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown , from salt lake city , has already racked up a remarkable 44.1k followers on instagram . albert , who 's a selkirk rex cat , was also named after his famous lookalike - albert einstein , thanks to his wild locks , which are a trademark of his breed . scroll down for video . albert is from salt lake city and is a constant source of entertainment to his 44.1k instagram followers . albert is named after famous physician albert einstein , due to sharing the same white-grey curly hair . the instagram account shows images of albert in a various situations , frowning and glaring at the camera - his feline brow furrowed disapprovingly . the hit social media account is run by his owners mike and susan singleton in salt lake city , usa , who 've penned his bio , which reads : ' rejected show cat , but i 'll show them . ' each picture of the fluffy cat is accompanied by a sarcastic caption , giving the animal a sinister and funny internal dialogue . one snap , in which he stares fiercely into the camera reads : ' i 'm not grumpy or angry , i 'm just smarter and better looking than you . ' another is captioned : ' albert 's office tip : this is the look you give a boss who wants you to work over the weekend . ' albert is the latest frowning feline to become a social media hit after a cat with a kind of dwarfism which gives her a permanently moody expression found global fame as grumpy cat .  albert is a breed of selkirk rex , known for their wild , curly hair - but not usually for their angered appareances . no matter what angle albert is pictured from , his moody disposition stays the same . albert 's owners , mike and susan singleton , show a dramatic contrast in mood , compared to their very own ' grumpy cat ' . one image shows albert caught rummaging through the rubbish , at which he stares at the camera in defiance . another shows albert with his paw ominously on the tail of his toy cat - glaring straight down the camera . albert 's moody disposition allied with his fluffy poodle-like coat has made him a mini-celebrity in his own right . one instagram user commented : ' pure unbridled hate pours out of this cat 's eyes . ' another agreed , stating : ' he looks like a real life disney villain . ' others joke about his 'b**** resting face ' and one wrote , ' i love his scowl ! ' caught rummaging through the bin , albert still stares defiantly at his owner . whether pictured with other cats , or sat idly , albert maintains his grumpy and disapproving look . albert is pictured with a sinister paw on the tail of a toy mouse , with the same angered look on his face .