sheffield wednesday claimed all three points against championship play-off hopefuls brentford with a 1-0 win thanks to kieran lee 's second-half goal . with both teams playing with high defensive lines at hillsborough there were a high number of long balls attempted by each side but , with few finding their mark , the game produced nothing of note for the vast majority of the first half . it took until the 35th minute for a decent chance to present itself when a whipped cross found caolan lavery in the box but the owls striker could not wrap his foot around it and the ball sailed wide of the post . kieran lee ( second left ) opens the scoring for sheffield wednesday with the only goal for the game . lee ( right ) is mobbed by his team-mates after he scores the first goal for the home side . the second half started in a livelier fashion to the first and that was evident after 49 minutes when some clever play from brentford around the box presented andre gray with an opportunity to get a shot on goal but his effort skimmed agonisingly past the post . however , the promise of exciting football and the chance of goals petered out as the half wore on . both sides managed to work themselves into good areas but could not produce the final pass to create clear-cut scoring opportunities . a mistake from harlee dean looked as though it had gifted wednesday with a sure-fire goal . sergiu bus collected the ball and made a run towards goal with chris maguire at his side but the pair could not make the two-on-one situation count as bus ' lay-off to maguire was hit straight into the midriff of james tarkowski . alan judge ( right ) is dejected after missing a chance as wednesday keeper kieran westwood looks relieved . mark warburton watches on as his brentford side lose and suffer a blow to their promotion hopes . the breakthrough finally came in the 75th minute when lee ghosted into space in the box and was unmarked as a parried ball from david button fell at his feet . he made sure his shot found the back of the net as he rifled home from six yards out . brentford had a chance to strike back five minutes later but , having found himself one-one-one with the goalkeeper and with two of his team-mates to the left of him , alan judge blasted the ball over the keeper and over the goal . another mistake from dean almost gifted the owls a second goal but instead of running into the space he had available , bus decided to shoot from outside the box and could not keep his effort on target .