a workman caught hanging out the door of a van travelling at 85mph down the motorway says he was only doing it because he needed some fresh air . the man , wearing an orange high-vis jacket , could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 near oxford . he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle . today his boss , who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing , revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out of the door because he was n't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air . these shocking pictures show a workman hanging out of the door of a van as it speeds down the m40 . the man can be seen leaning out the side door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the motorway . the incident , which police are investigating , is believed to have gone on for five minutes as the man pulled off the ' stunt ' just yards from lorries . dave roy , a director at kj rail , said the man , the driver and their colleagues in the van would be hauled before a disciplinary hearing tomorrow morning . ' we 're taking a robust approach to this and all of them will be in for a full disciplinary meeting first thing tomorrow , ' he said . ' he 's told me he was leaning out the door for some fresh air because he was feeling unwell and the next services were miles away . having seen the pictures i 'm not so sure . ' kj rail does not condone this sort of behaviour and takes a firm stance against it . ' mr roy said the man could face the sack for the incident , which was captured by dentist james hobkirk as he made his way down the m40 , travelling south from manchester to kent . ' my wife was driving and she spotted something strange in the rear view mirror , ' mr hobkirk , 37 , said . he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle . the incident , which police are investigating , went on for five minutes , as the man pulled off the ' stunt ' just yards from lorries . ' i turned around and there was this guy in the outside lane hanging out of the van , saluting people as he went past . ' we were travelling about 65 in the middle lane and he came flying up behind us . he must have been doing about 80 , 85 . ' he was just hanging out the side door for about five minutes . he 's obviously a complete nut job . ' people were moving in to the middle lane to get out of the way . it 's like he was surfing . ' there were about four people in the back of the van and two in the front . they were all laughing . ' it 's not just dangerous , he was an idiot . going high speed in the outside lane and doing that is crazy . ' kj rail , which owns the van , said it was investigating and that the man was likely to be punished . thames valley police are also investigating the incident , which took place on friday afternoon . a spokesman said : ' thames valley police received a report of a man hanging out of a side door of a vehicle while travelling on the m40 motorway between junctions 9 and 8a southbound on friday at 1.15pm . ' officers attended the scene and carried out an area search however the vehicle was not located . enquiries are ongoing to trace the occupants of the vehicle . ' philip goose , senior community engagement officer at brake , the road safety charity , said : ' driving is the most dangerous thing we do on a daily basis . ' it is worth remembering that five people die every day on roads in the uk , and being in charge of a heavy , fast moving object has the potential to , and regularly does , kill and seriously injure individuals and tears apart families . ' driving deserves our full attention , and irresponsible behaviour such as this and driving at excessive speed greatly increases the chance of being involved in a fatal or life-changing crash . ' 