she had n't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer . but one day recently , sara martin , from lititz , pennsylvania , uttered a single word : ' florida ' . now , the mother-of-three 's devoted family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday . they leave for sarasota , south-west florida , today . final holiday : brain cancer sufferer sara martin , from pennsylvania , is being driven to florida today after she uttered the word ' florida ' following weeks of not speaking . above , mrs martin , center , sits in the rented van her family is taking to sarasota , alongside her daughters gretchen , 11 , and carlie , 12 , who are staying at home . on her way : mrs martin , center , who also has a nine-year-old son , connor , with her husband dean , is lifted into the rv that her family is driving to the south-west coastal city . the mom-of-three has not spoken again since . family : mrs martin was diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010 . above , she is pictured with her family in 2013 , three years after her diagnosis but more than a year before her health declined this winter . mrs martin , 37 , who has three children - carlie , 12 , gretchen , 11 , and nine-year-old connor - with her husband dean , was diagnosed with an aggressive , inoperable form of brain cancer in 2010 . since her diagnosis , she has taken part in charity runs , gone on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family . all the while , she has been well supported by her loved ones . however , mrs martin 's health declined this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment , prompting her relatives to arrange for her to receive hospice care at her home . soon , she no longer talked . but during a recent visit , her sister , amy martin came up with a new way to try to get her sibling to smile , nod , or say something - offer her the opportunity to go to florida . ' if you say ' florida , ' i 'll get dad to take us , ' amy martin promised her sister . but she added : ' but you 've got to tell me . i 've got to know if you really want to go . ' although mrs martin , a former physical therapy assistant at lancaster general hospital , said nothing for the rest of the day , the next morning she shocked her relatives while she was being dressed . in good spirits : since her diagnosis , mrs martin ( right ) has taken part in charity runs , gone on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family . all the while , she has been supported by her loved ones . run : the pennsylvania mother ( pictured doing a 5,000-kilometer run with two female friends and her two daughters ) saw her health decline this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment . beautiful : her family have rented an rv for the 1,000-mile , 18-hour trip to sarasota , where mrs martin , who uses a wheelchair to get around , will be able to relax on her favorite beach : siesta key beach ( pictured ) . as her husband and her mother , barbara , were tending to her , she suddenly said : ' florida ' . ' we were like , `` oh , no ! we have to take her ! `` , ' amy martin recalled after being told the incredible news . she added : ' there 's nothing like sunshine and the beach to make you feel better . ' and mrs martin 's father , earl , agreed : ' i guess we 're going ' . mrs martin has not spoken again since . her family have rented an rv for the 1,000-mile , 18-hour trip to sarasota , where mrs martin , who uses a wheelchair to get around , will be able to relax on her favorite beach : siesta key beach . the vehicle will allow her to lie back and sleep comfortable during the lengthy journey , which has been partly funded by kind-hearted donors within her community in warwick township . sisters : amy martin ( left ) , was the one who inspired her sister ( right ) to speak after telling her : ' if you say ' florida , ' i 'll get dad to take us . ' she added : ' but you 've got to tell me . i 've got to know if you really want to go ' . in better health : unfortunately , mrs martin 's children are in school , so are not making the trip to the coastal city . above , mrs martin is pictured with her husband and children in october 2012 , two years after her diagnosis . unfortunately , mrs martin 's children are in school , so are not making the trip to the coastal city in sarasota county , where her parents have a vacation house , according to lancaster online . instead , she is traveling with amy martin , brother-in-law , john martin , and family friend , trina martin , all of whom hope the trip will give mrs martin a ' change of scenery ' and an amazing memory . and although mrs martin , who used to teach sunday school at hammer creek mennonite church , north of lititz , was told this winter by doctors that she does n't have long to live , her sister is hopeful . they might have said that , ' but here we are in april , ' amy martin said . couple : mrs martin , pictured with her husband in 2013 , has been told by doctors she does n't have long to live .