a restaurant which accidentally served an alcoholic drink to a 10-year-old girl has blamed the mix-up on her mother for leaving her daughter on her own to go out for a cigarette . ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet on deansgate , manchester , with her daughter , dennon , and her daughter 's friend . after ordering a non-alcoholic sweet kiss ' mocktail ' for the girls , ms dodds was disgusted when she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version . the menu : ashley dodds , 29 , holds up the ' mocktails ' list she ordered drinks from for daughter dennon at the red hot world buffet in manchester . restaurant staff accidentally served the girl a drink with alcohol in it . restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed the incident on ms dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette . ms dodds , from salford , said : ' it is unbelievable . they are so unprofessional . ' how dare they blame it on me . it makes me out to be a bad mother but they made the mistake . ' explaining what happened , she added : ' i ordered my daughter and her friend sweet kisses , and a bit later me and my friend decided to go for a cigarette . ' i went to the counter to ask for two more sweet kisses to be taken over to them , then went downstairs for a cigarette . when i came back up my daughter just blurted out saying `` mum , i 've had alcohol '' . ' dining out : inside the red hot world buffet in deansgate , manchester . the restaurant admitted to the mishap but blamed ms dodds for leaving her daughter and a friend unattended and going outside for a cigarette . ms dodds , who works at a nando 's restaurant , was horrified to learn that instead of sweet kisses , staff at the red hot world buffet had placed two sex on the beach cocktails in front of the girls while the adults were away from the table . she said : ' i took a big swig of the drink and thought , wow these have alcohol in them . i was baffled why there was n't a manager out to explain what had happened . ' the order had been mistaken for a non-alcoholic safe sex on the beach , but accidentally made as a normal sex on the beach with vodka . the unhappy mother , who said she tries to shelter dennon from anything too adult for her age , also thinks mocktail menus should not be alluding to anything sexual . poor service : ms dodds with her receipt from the red hot world buffet , which shows the two safe sex on the beach cocktails she ordered after visiting the restaurant . the red hot world buffet said : ' we did serve something wrong , however putting it into context the issue was the lady went outside for a cigarette and left the children unattended . we were quite bothered by that ' . ' i would n't even let dennon look at the menu because it said sex on the beach , and a virgin mojito , and i do n't want her reading that stuff , ' she said . ' i do n't even want her thinking about that kind of stuff . ' i told the manager that at the end of the day the mocktail menu is non-alcoholic so you are mainly aiming at children , but was told that was n't necessarily the case . ' a spokesman for red hot world buffet said : ' we did serve something wrong , however putting it into context the issue was the lady went outside for a cigarette and left the children unattended . ' we were quite bothered by that as it 's quite unusual to leave two small children out of sight . this was an accident and there was some confusion with the order , but there is a responsibility for parents to stay with their children . ' 