the bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday , with ap mccoy , england midfielder jack wilshere and southampton duo nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand a few of the sporting stars to walk the red carpet . the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment brought through sport . mccoy appeared on the red carpet alongside his wife chanelle , having bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing at sandown on saturday . recently retired jockey ap mccoy was in attendance with his wife chanelle for the bt sport industry awards in battersea on thursday . mccoy ( centre ) poses with his lifetime achievement award , presented to him by thierry henry ( left ) . mccoy ( left ) is a lifelong arsenal supporter and was handed his award by gunners legend henry . arsenal and england midfield player jack wilshere pictured on the red carpet ahead of the award ceremony . southampton defenders nathaniel clyne ( left ) and ryan bertrand ( right ) also turned out for the awards in london . racing driver carmen jorda ( left ) seen on the red carpet ahead of the awards ceremony , as was wayne bridge and his wife frankie . it is mccoy 's first public appearance since bringing his time in the saddle to a close at the weekend , going out as a 20-time winner of the champions jockey trophy . arsenal man wilshere tweeted a picture of himself getting ready to attend the ceremony , writing alongside the image : ' we 're on our way , see you soon ! ' wilshere is closing in on full fitness and a return to the arsenal team after a long lay-off after ankle surgery in november , but took time out to enjoy the event alongside some fellow premier league players . southampton defenders clyne and bertrand arrived with speculation mounting that clyne could be set to depart the south-coast club at the end of the premier league season . southampton manager ronald koeman admitted that he wants to know the plans of the england international in a maximum of 10 days time . other sporting stars such as rebecca adlington , sam warburton and david weir made an appearance , as well as racing driver carmen jorda . olympic heroes david weir ( left ) and rebecca adlington were in attendance for the ceremony held on thursday . ( l-r ) sam warburton , rhys webb , alex corbisiero and dylan hartly pictured on the red carpet . david ginola was seen at the event , one of his first public appearances after he tried to run for fifa presidency . two former premier league footballers in ledley king ( left ) and fabrice muamba also arrived for the ceremony . adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child and the two-time gold medal winner appeared delighted to be present . wales international warburton was joined by fellow rugby stars rhys webb , alex corbisiero and dylan hartly for a photograph on the red carpet . david ginola was also present , one of his first public appearances since his attempt to run for fifa presidency . during the ceremony , mccoy , an avid arsenal supporter , was presented with the lifetime achievement award by gunners legend thierry henry . henry was asked to present him with an award at sandown , but was not allowed by his employers , sky . channel 4 were broadcasting mccoy 's final two races and instead , ian wright filled in .