lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have , but when the going gets tough , barcelona turn to jeremy mathieu and gerard pique . the french centre-back flung himself through the air to reach xavi 's free kick at the back post , heading home from close range , finally breaching celta vigo 's stern defence . it was mathieu who had opened the scoring in the el clasico , in similar fashion . pique , meanwhile , just a minute before mathieu scored , had made an incredible , game-saving tackle on celta striker charles , to prevent him from opening the scoring . jeremy mathieu ( right ) heads home in the 73rd minute to hand barcelona a 1-0 lead against celta vigo . celta vigo goalkeeper alvarez conde ( right ) is unable to stop the powerful header from mathieu . celta vigo : alvarez conde , mallo novegil , cabral , fontas , castro otto , hernandez , fernandez , krohn-dehli ( radoja - 67 ' ) , orellana , larrivey ( dias de oliveira 71 ' ) , agudo duran . booked : krohn-dehli , duran . sent off : orellana . subs not used : mina lorenzo , lopez sanchez , blanco , bongonda , gomez sola . barcelona : bravo , dani alves , pique , mathieu , adriano , rafinha ( xavi 58 ' ) , busquets , iniesta ( pedro 75 ' ) , messi , suarez ( rakitic 85 ' ) , neymar . subs not used : ter stegen , montoya , bartra , sergi . goals : mathieu 73 ' . booked : suarez . ref : inaki vicandi garrido . att : 23,731 . this gritty , barely-deserved triumph helped barcelona stay four points ahead of real madrid at the top of la liga , after ancelotti’s side 's almost-harrowing 9-1 demolition of granada . celta vigo’s aggressive pressing nearly paid dividends , but their hard-work and effort counted for nothing thanks to mathieu’s goal . their frustration manifested itself in a bizarre way , with fabian orellana sent off for throwing a lump of turf at sergio busquets . for some reason sergio alvarez , celta vigo 's goalkeeper , is kryptonite for barcelona 's attacking trident , as they also failed to beat him in 90 minutes at the camp nou earlier this season . after barcelona 's halloween nightmare against celta vigo , the directive from luis enrique here was not to leave with egg on their faces on easter sunday . barcelona 's own website stated that ' a dose of retribution ' was in order , after the 1-0 defeat by eduardo berizzo’s side in late autumn . before the game spanish media wondered if the international break had happened at just the wrong time for barcelona and just the right time for real madrid – something reflected in madrid’s big win at lunchtime . the frenchman wheels away in celebration of his second half header at the balaidos stadium . gerard pique ( right ) and sergio busquets join the french defender in celebration of his goal . with los blancos in disarray , a couple of weeks spent healing wounds away from the santiago bernabeu seemed an agreeable plan , while barcelona 's momentum was disrupted . jordi alba was injured playing for spain , so adriano correia started in his stead . messi , meanwhile , was dragged round the united states with argentina , sidelined because of an inflamed foot which left him unable to put his boots on . he managed to do that here , but his presence was barely noticed on the pitch . with rival cristiano ronaldo scoring an incredible five goals earlier , messi was left frustrated in his quest for the golden boot , with the madrid man four strikes ahead of him on 36 . luis enrique has n't shown himself to be the sentimental type , but the former celta vigo manager gave rafinha alcantara a rare start against the team which he played for , both before moving to barcelona at 13 , and last season on loan . however , the midfielder failed to impress and made way for the legendary xavi early in the second half . mathieu ( left ) is congratulated by team-mates lionel messi and neymar ( right ) after his goal . javier mascherano was suspended for accumulating too many yellow cards , as is his wont , but luckily for barcelona busquets was fit enough to start for the first time in over a month . alvarez turned in the display of his life at the camp nou and barcelona 's attacking trident must have worried it was going to happen again , when he made a brilliant diving stop to deny lionel messi . profligacy was an issue in that 1-0 defeat too , which we were reminded of when neymar slashed the rebound high and wide . los celestes had made the early running themselves and chilean goalkeeper claudio bravo , who boasts the best defensive record in la liga , was down quickly to deny joaquin larrivey at his near post . it was larrivey that put the first goal of the season past bravo at the camp nou and he was determined not to let the celta forward in again . with messi quiet , it was down to the other two prongs of barcelona 's trident to try and make inroads . neither were successful . fabian orellana was shown a red card for throwing a chunk of grass in the direction of sergio busquets . the lump of turf strikes busquets in the neck after tempers reached boiling point . neymar antagonised the celta vigo fans as he drew several fouls , but the barcelona ones too with his incredible wastefulness . to watch him in recent weeks is to see a different player to the one that dismantled la liga defences earlier in the season . his first touch was frequently poor , his passes off-target . suarez , meanwhile , went down in the box looking for a penalty under an arm from gustavo cabral , but far too little contact to actually tumble . he was then booked on the stroke of half-time for a dive , although this time he has been charged into . the one opportunity suarez got he hit hard and true , stinging the palms of alvarez . but celta vigo were on top and nolito was getting the better of dani alves time and time again . maybe the brazilian 's mind is elsewhere , with his contract expiring in the summer , but physically he seems less capable too . orellana ( right ) leaves the field after referee inaki vicandi garrido brandishes a red card . the barcelona players surround referee following a controversial decision . one horrendous defensive mix-up left nolito charging for the ball with bravo . the keeper got his foot to it before colliding with the celta vigo man , but the fans screamed for a penalty , unsuccessfully . the offside flag being raised against orellana led to a celta goal being ruled out , but the best chance fell to larrivey before the interval . orellana cut the ball neatly across the box but the striker , unmarked , nine yards out , lacked composure , hacking at it and sending it into the vigo night sky . barcelona continued to struggle , with neymar’s goal harshly ruled out for offside and a shanked alves shot the only efforts to their credit . messi and neymar react after another missed opportunity during a frustrating evening for the duo . then came pique’s tackle on charles , with the defender making a super-human effort to get back and deny the striker . celta vigo were almost instantly punished for it , with mathieu breaking the deadlock . barcelona couldn’t kill the game , even after orellana’s late sending off , with messi scooping the ball over alvarez but inches over the crossbar too . it didn’t matter ; they held on to earn the three points and maintain the four-point lead over real madrid that they started the week with . and one game less for each side to play . it’s not pretty , it’s not ‘ the barca way’ , but if enrique lifts la liga , nobody will be worrying about that . neymar ( right ) fights for the ball against celtais andreu fontas during the la liga clash .