a mutilated fox : hardly the most glamorous prop ashley james has ever posed with , but in this case , that is precisely the point . the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy . ' harvey nichols : here 's the rest of your fur coat , ' the slogan reads , alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover , who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox - a fake one we 've been assured . scroll down for video . dark : the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after it abandoned its fur-free policy - ( the fox is n't real ) . peta ( people for the ethical treatment of animals ) is currently in talks with a number of billboard companies in the hopes of getting the poster mounted outside harvey nichols . ' i love animals , ' ashley told mailonline . ' having educated myself about the fur industry , it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products . ' harvey nichols , which has 12 locations around the world and previously stood against the fur industry , backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it . priced between £300 and £1,500 , the department store 's current range includes coyote fur courtesy of canada goose , raccoon fur from charlotte simone and plenty of rabbit pelts from vince . ' when i see people i know wearing fur , i will initiate the conversation by asking them if it 's real or not . if they confirm that it 's real , i express disgust , ' ashley said , ' if they are interested , then i will tell them more about this cruel industry . i just want people to make informed decisions with their purchases . anti-fur : ' i love animals , ' miss james , pictured , tells mailonline . ' having educated myself about the fur industry , it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products ' . boycotter : miss james , pictured in london this week , leads a mostly vegan lifestyle and shops at fur-free stores including liberty london , selfridges , house of fraser , topshop and oasis . ' if they know about the industry and still choose to wear fur , then that 's fine - although i ca n't personally understand how they could do that . ' but i think a lot of people prefer to live in ignorance , and that 's really frustrating . ' in a statement to mailonline , harvey nichols said : ' [ we are ] committed to sustainable and responsible practice across all areas of [ our ] business , and ethical trading is an important part of this programme . ' we only source products from reputable brands , which includes seeking the assurance that the fur they use in products has been sourced responsibly . ' however , in a recent exposé fronted by paloma faith , peta went undercover on ' origin assured ' fur farms , a label which is meant to give fur-stocking stores assurances about the animal welfare and conditions in which animals are bred and slaughtered . it found raccoons , rabbits and minks kept in filthy wire cages , sometimes alongside the rotting corpses of other animals . ' these animals were left to suffer from untreated injuries , including missing limbs , ' peta reports . ' frightened and distressed , they often mutilate themselves and others in the cage , only to be slaughtered in the name of fashion . ' party line : in a statement , harvey nichols said , ' we only source products from reputable brands , which includes seeking the assurance that the fur they use in products has been sourced responsibly ' . put a name to the face : priced between £300 and £1,500 , harvey nichols ' current designer range includes fur from coyotes ( left ) , raccoons ( center ) and foxes ( right ) . when mailonline asked reps at harvey nichols to clarify their position on exactly what made them change their minds on their anti-fur policy , communication ceased and they declined to make any further comment . peta 's foundation director mimi bekhechi points out : ' all fur is the product of a bloody , violent industry . we encourage consumers not to be deceived by harvey nichols ' claims of selling ' humanely and ethically ' obtained furs . ' before ashley james knew anything about the industry , she admits she owned a rabbit fur coat . ' needless to say i do n't any more , ' she said . ' i gave it to a romanian charity called k-9 angels , which use donated furs to keep rescued dogs warm in winter . ' cruelty-free : miss james is a particular fan of designer stella mcartney , who has been a lifelong vegetarian and refuses to even use leather in her collections . pictured , her 2009 a/w campaign , starring an ( alive ) fox . poster girls : stars including natalie portman ( left ) , charlize theron ( center ) and jessica chastain ( right ) are all vocal anti-fur campaigners . just say no : abbie cornish ( left ) , ellen degeneres ( center ) and sia ( right ) are also vegetarians who are strongly opposed to the trend . ashley , who now leads a mostly vegan lifestyle , praises designers like stella mccartney , another avid anti-fur protester , and shops at fur-free stores including liberty london , selfridges , house of fraser , topshop and oasis . harvey nichols is not the only entity , or person , to have broken its anti-fur promise . supermodel naomi campbell , who once posed for peta’s infamous ‘i’d rather go naked than wear fur’ campaign , then went on to become the face of fur couturier dennis basso in 2010 . message : supermodel naomi campbell ( far right ) once posed for peta’s infamous 90s campaign ‘i’d rather go naked than wear fur’ ( pictured ) . change of heart ? naomi then went on to become the face of fur couturier dennis basso in 2010 ( pictured ) . lady gaga , who also once spoke out against fur , did a very public reversal on the subject when in 2012 she declared that she ‘admired’ the beauty of animals in fashion , stating : ‘ you see a carcass , i see a museum pièce de résistance . ' still , notable celebrities who strictly avoid fur include , but are not limited to ; natalie portman , abbie cornish , jessica chastain , sia , charlize theron , pamela anderson , pink , kesha , and ellen degeneres . ashley james is using her new role to try and convert shoppers . she said : ' have a heart . please do n't support the fur industry and boycott the brands who do . '