scotland winger sean maitland is facing a race against time to be fit for the rugby world cup after it emerged he has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder . it was hoped the london irish-bound star might yet return to play a part in the pro12 run-in for glasgow warriors after being out of action since january — but head coach gregor townsend reported on thursday that he had suffered a setback and has now played his last game for the club . with the news that the 26-year-old will miss the rest of the season , national boss vern cotter will naturally be concerned he is fit in time for the world cup which starts in september . sean maitland is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season . townsend said : ' sean got some tough news last week when it became clear his shoulder would require surgery . ' but the operation at spire murrayfield hospital was a success and he 's targeting to be back for the world cup . ' maitland , who has 15 caps for scotland and toured with the british & irish lions in 2013 , picked up the injury when the warriors lost at bath in the european rugby champions cup and was subsequently ruled out of the six nations . with the new zealand-born player leaving scotstoun for the english premiership in the summer , his operation has denied glasgow fans a final opportunity to see him play in their colours . townsend said : ' i 'd like to take this opportunity to thank sean for his contribution to the club , he 's been an excellent player for us . ' former canterbury crusaders player maitland has won 15 caps for scotland . meanwhile , townsend believes there is a real determination in his squad to secure a win over cardiff blues tonight for team-mates al kellock and dougie hall who retire at the end of the season . the veteran pair have been included in the starting line-up at scotstoun with warriors needing victory to edge closer to a top-four finish for the fourth year in a row . ' this week is really important for the club because we have only have four league matches left , ' said the head coach . ' i have also seen the players really focus in on the win because they want to pay tribute to al and dougie . ' tonight we want to celebrate what they have done for the club . ' glasgow coach gregor townsend has been able to call upon the services of star fly half finn russll once more . townsend has made a number of changes from the side that drew 34-34 away to leinster a fortnight ago . in the backs , fit-again duo henry pyrgos and finn russell come in as does peter murchie at full-back . four changes in the pack sees props jerry yanuyanutawa and mike cusack start alongside hall while adam ashe replaces josh strauss at no 8 . scotland trio gordon reid , jon welsh and duncan weir are on the bench after returning from injury . the blues , currently in 10th place , will be without injured prop gethin jenkins but still have talent like sam warburton , alex cuthbert , gareth anscombe and josh navidi in the starting xv . wales captain sam warburton has been named to start for cardiff against glasgow at scotstoun . townsend is not taking their challenge lightly . ' cardiff look to keep the ball alive at all times and if you look at the stats from the league , they are the ones who pass the ball the most , ' he said . ' when your game-plan is to go out and attack and keep hold of the ball and you have nothing to lose , then they could be really dangerous opponents . ' we need our defence to be putting them under pressure if they are moving the ball a lot . ' on paper they have some fantastic individuals in their side like warburton and other internationals and now that they are out of europe they will want to finish the season on a high . ' young warriors prop d'arcy rae , 20 , has joined london scottish on loan until the end of the season . he has already been on loan at treviso this term but is set to have a big future at scotstoun from 2015/16 onwards . 