they’re the kind of colourful adverts that would have been created by the real-life don drapers , peggy olsons and other ‘ mad men’ of madison avenue . these vintage posters are a throwback to the golden age of air travel , when flying was an exclusive experience , passengers wore their best clothes and there was plenty of legroom . they’re featured in a new coffee table book , airline visual identity 1945-1975 , which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of pan am , british overseas airways corp ( boac ) and continental . scroll down for video . pan american world airways ( pan am ) was a dominant and influential airline which declared bankruptcy and ceased operations in 1991 . many of the adverts in the book featured beautiful women in an effort to glamorise destinations and encourage people to travel . british airways promoted its launch of the concorde in the 1970s ( left ) while trans world airlines ( twa ) promoted its new york route . authored by matthias c huhne , the 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as haiti , hawaii , japan , new york and london . the simple but effective posters showcase each destination with eye-catching cartoons or photos of beautiful women , landmarks such as times square and tower of london , and natural beauty spots including bermuda’s picturesque coastline and sydney harbour . new york was one of the most popular destinations featured in the adverts in airline visual identity 1945-1975 . the adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day , including twa and canadian pacific , which no longer exist . british overseas airways corp led to the creation of british airways ( left ) while continental merged with united airlines ' parent company . it was a time when it cost an incredible amount of money to purchase a ticket for a commercial flight , with many of the ads promoting transatlantic or transpacific travel . the adverts created for the biggest airlines of the day , including many which no longer exist , offer a glimpse at how air travel , advertising and society changed over the 30-year period covered in the book . from a psychedelic image of a surfer in hawaii to british airways ' introduction of the concorde , the posters reflect the eras in which they were created by some of the best creative minds of the time , including ivan chermayeff , otl aicher , massimo vignelli and saul bass , academy award-winning filmmaker . the posters are a throwback to the golden age of air travel , when flying was an exclusive experience and passengers dressed smart . the book hails the designers ' creative genius and uses special techniques to replicate their work as accurately as possible . in addition to drawings the adverts include photos of natural beauty spots , including sydney harbour ( left ) and bermuda 's beaches ( right ) . mr huhne’s book hails their creative genius and uses 17 colours , five types of varnishes and two methods of foil printing and embossing to replicate their work as accurately as possible . airline visual identity 1945-1975 was published by berlin-based callisto publishers , which offered this synopsis of the tome : ‘ it provides unique insight into the design and advertising methods of an era when airlines were considered the most glamorous business sector and quality was the main criterion for selecting a flight . ’ it retails from approximately £270 online in the uk and from $ 250 online in the us .