hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to u.s. rep mike doyle 's office on wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down . a staff member in doyle 's washington d.c. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police . the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on wednesday , reports triblive . temporary shutdown : capitol police secure as officers begin to remove hazmat suits in a hallway in the cannon house office building after a suspicious powder was discovered on wednesday . a powdery white substance was found in the office of rep. mike doyle , d-forest hills ( pictured ) but it was found to be a non-harmful substance . the congressman said that the capitol police were ' prompt and professional . ' the white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the september 11 attacks . after testing , assistant who opened the envelope was not advised to seek medical attention and was simply told to wash her hands . doyle was concerned for the well-being of his staffer but remained calm throughout the ordeal and maintained a sense of humor . 'i’m sure they won’t forget their visit , ' doyle said of the four visitors under lockdown in his office along with his staff . ' i live in pittsburgh . we’re not afraid of anything , ' doyle joked , according to the hill blotter . ' all clear with nothing hazardous found . the area has been reopened , ' department spokesman shennell antrobus said in an email . the testing lasted just under two hours . the substance has not yet been identified and neither has its sender but an investigation is ongoing . fearful : capitol hill workers wait as capitol police secure a hallway in the cannon house office building after a suspicious powder was discovered at the cannon house office building office of rep. mike doyle . 