edinson cavani 's slumbering champions league performance against barcelona may well have put to bed any chance of him making a switch to manchester united . the chances of the uruguayan filling what would appear to be a looming striker void at old trafford have always been slim . for a start , at 28 he would appear to be too old for louis van gaal , who prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player . edinson cavani falls flat on his face during a limp display for psg against barcelona on tuesday night . manchester united have been linked with cavani but the striker has n't impressed this season . radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan from ligue 1 side monaco . and the painful , expensive experience of radamel falcao 's nightmare loan spell will have made the club 's dutch manager wary of seemingly-fading south americans . but united , who have cash to burn and gaps to fill , will have kept a close eye on tuesday night 's events at the nou camp to see if cavani still had what it takes . on the evidence of a sterile 90 minutes in an inevitable 2-0 defeat he does not . there is mitigation – barcelona look unstoppable and few in europe can live with luis enrque 's resurgent treble hunters . questions over cavani 's domestic form , however , still linger . france 's ligue 1 is not the premier league or la liga and after making the £55m move from napoli , where he was almost unplayable , cavani has not been the prolific force officials at parc des princes hoped for . this season he has played 32 times in domestic competitions and has scored 11 goals , although six more have come in the champions league . louis van gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off cavani by falcao 's spell . the uruguayan has n't scored as many goals as he should have done in the french league . psg will now concentrate on winning a two-horse race with lyon at the top of the table ( they are currently level on points with a game in hand ) and will look to cavani along with zlatan ibrahimovic to fire them over the line first . following the 3-1 first leg defeat by barcelona on home soil the man himself maintained he wants to see out the remainder of his contract in france . ' there is too much talk about my future but i will remain here , ' he told sky italia . ' i will respect my contract and i 'm only focusing on doing well for psg . ' he may have few options to do anything else . cavani argues with the referee during psg 's 2-0 ( 5-1 agg ) defeat in the champions league quarter-finals . 