killed : police are investigating the alleged murder of syrian-born imam abdul hadi arwani . a fourth person has been arrested over the alleged murder of a syrian imam who was shot dead in his car on a london street . police announced today that they had arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder abdul hadi arwani , who was killed in wembley two weeks ago . a jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with mr arwani 's murder , while a man and a woman were arrested this week on suspicion of terror offences . the father of six , who was an imam at a controversial mosque in west london , was found dead in his black volkswagen passat on april 7 . leslie cooper , 36 , appeared at the old bailey on thursday , where the court was told that mr arwani , 48 , was lured to a meeting with a potential customer for his construction business before being killed . burnell mitchell , 61 , the brother of boney m 's lead singer , was arrested this week on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and the commission , preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism . a 53-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of the commission , preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism . they are both in metropolitan police custody while counter-terror officers continue to investigate mr arwani 's killing . police said in a statement today that they had arrested the fourth suspect , a 35-year-old man , on friday , before releasing him on bail today . suspects : leslie cooper , left , appeared in court charged with murder while burnell mitchell , right , has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences . mr arwani was previously a preacher at the an-noor mosque in acton but resigned after he apparently fell out with other community leaders . the mosque was founded by mr mitchell 20 years ago after he converted to islam , and he remains a trustee of the centre as well as a director of the company which owns its premises . mr mitchell , whose sister liz mitchell was the lead singer of boney m , was brought up a strict christian before changing faith and becoming known as ' khalid rashad ' . both his home and the mosque were searched by police last week as part of the investigation into mr arwani 's death . mosque : police standing outside the an-noor cultural centre in acton earlier this week . the syrian-born imam fled his home country in the 1980s and became an outspoken opponent of president bashar al-assad 's regime before his killing . mr arwani 's son murhaf said last week : ' he just loved to help people . he did not care what your background , race or status was . ' he did not care if you were rich or poor . he just wanted to help people in need . ' he spoke up and out against the crime of terror and oppression wherever he found it . he was an advocate of peace for all and he showed us this in the way he lived his life from day to day . ' sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .