a mother of four has pledged to remove her children from school to attend an ancient maypole festival - despite facing fines or even prosecution . anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ' obby ' oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her ' religion , culture and heritage . ' the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 . mrs james pictured with her son ethan ( far left ) , piran ( centre ) and sophia ( right ) at last year 's maypole festival . but mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children ethan , 11 , piran , 5 , sophia , 8 , and four month old baby faith to the event . the annual may 1 celebration is a centuries ' old tradition , involving music and dancing through the streets , believed by some to be an ancient pagan fertility ritual which heralds the arrival of spring . held every year in padstow , cornwall at midnight on may 1 , it consists of parades and celebrations throughout the town and into the following day . mrs james , who moved from padstow to st austell , cornwall , eight years ago , said : ' i think it 's ridiculous that i 'm being told i ca n't take my children to the event . ' obby ' oss is something which my family has celebrated for generations . ' it 's part of our heritage , our culture and our religion . if i wanted to take children out of school for some other religion i think it would be a different story . ' i do n't expect the st austell schools to close , but i do think that any school in cornwall should be sensitive to the needs of people from padstow to return to their home town on may 1 . the event itself is educational . ' mrs james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ' obby ' oss celebrations . pictured from left to right is sophia , 8 , ethan , 11 , faith , 4 months , and piran , 5 . in 2013 , former education secretary michael gove ended the right for schools to grant up to 10 days holiday per year for pupils . new guidelines state that children should only be taken out of school during term-time if it is an ' exceptional circumstance ' . government rules state that it is at the discretion of each individual school to authorise or reject absence requests . under the current system , parents who take their children out of school without permission could face a £60 fine per child , rising to £120 if it is not paid within 21 days . failure to pay the fine can result in prosecution , with a maximum fine – if convicted – of £2,500 or a jail sentence of up to three months . padstow primary school children are included in the ' obby ' oss tradition . but leaders at bishop bronescombe school in st austell would not authorise mrs james ' request for her children to join them . mrs james said : ' for padstow residents the day is a massively important part of their cultural heritage . ' i 'm not an expert on its origins but i do believe it can be described as having religious significance . ' just because i do n't live in padstow any more does n't mean i ca n't celebrate my religion . i would do the same even if i lived in australia . ' the crackdown by the government on absences was outlined in 2013 and stipulates children should attend lessons rather than take time off to suit parental convenience . the crackdown was announced by the then education secretary michael gove who intended to stop parents taking children out of school to benefit from cheaper holidays . mrs james said the festival was part of her family 's religion , culture and heritage . but the government insists that local head teachers still have the discretion to approve up to ten absences a year ' in exceptional circumstances ' . bishop bronescombe school declined to comment . in padstow , where children are an integral part of the festival , the school closes so pupils can take part in the early-morning dances . padstow school head teacher phil banks said : ' we take may 1 as a community closure day as the majority of our children and staff will be taking part in the festivities . ' it is such an important part of their cultural heritage that we feel it is extremely important for us to support and celebrate it . ' i can understand the position of the st austell schools , however . ' guidelines on allowing absence nowadays are incredibly tight . i would imagine a number of schools in the area get requests like this , and not necessarily from people who can claim any legitimate link to padstow . ' mrs james , who is currently on maternity leave from her job as a pa , said that she has attended the event every year since she was born and for residents of padstow it was more important than christmas . she said : ' we see it as more important than christmas . it is such an important cornish tradition , but if the children can not go how are we supposed to keep it alive ? ' obviously we celebrate christmas , but the fact we see this as more important shows the scale of what it means to us . ' i will be taking the kids out as i strongly believe we should be allowed to keep our heritage alive . ' they all have a 100 per cent attendance record . i never take them out for a holiday . ' but everyone in padstow takes part . people who once lived there come from the other side of the world to take part . it is in their blood . '