the mother of the police officer who was caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back as he was running away has broken her silence . karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of . she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . ms sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting . this as she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott 's family , the man her son shot dead . scroll down for video . karen sharpe ( above ) the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview . this as slager ( mugshot left , force photo right ) is behind bars and has been fired from his job , though he has yet to enter a plea . sharpe ( above ) said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident - and does n't plan to . sharpe also expressed sympathy for walter scott 's ( above ) family , noting this event has caused them both to ' change forever ' . ' i just ca n't , ' sharpe told abc news . ' maybe to some people , `` well , you 're being in denial , '' but i 'm sorry i just ca n't . i just - i know how michael is . ' she went on to say her son loved being an officer . ' i ca n't imagine him doing something , it 's just not like him , ' she said of the shooting . ' that 's just not his character . it 's not . ' as for slager 's wife , she said that earlier that day the two women had to go for a checkup together to see how her baby is doing . ' she was just so sad because he was not there and i know that he would not do something purposeful to not be able to be with his wife during the delivery , ' sharpe said of the doctor 's appointment . ' they just tried so hard for this . ' she then added ; ' he has a little baby on the way , due next month , and they worked so hard for this baby . ' the city had previously stated it would continue paying for mrs. slager 's health insurance until she gives birth . ms sharpe also spoke about the scott family as she said ; ' their life will never be the same again and my life will never be the same again . ' even though they 're not the same things that have happened , i know there are changes in both their family and my family ... and that 's the part that bothers me . they 've changed forever . ' ultimately , she is putting her trust in her faith , and refuses to believe that she might never see her son a free man again . ' i just have to let it be and hope god takes care of everybody involved -- not only my family but the scott 's family - because i know they 're grieving just like i 'm grieving , ' she said . the shooting death of scott by slager occurred on saturday morning . at the time , slager said that scott was going for his taser and that he used necessary force . video footage taken by an eyewitness soon refuted slager 's claims . then , when asked about the video footage and if she had seen it yet , sharpe said : ' no i have not and i have purposely not watched it . ' she continued : ' i have purposely not heard people 's comments about it . i just , i ca n't watch it . ' she also said she is avoiding reading the papers of watching the news . ' i know who michael is , ' she explained . ' and i do n't know what is being portrayed of him because i have n't listened to them , but he 's a very good person . ' slager was charged with scott 's murder on tuesday and could face the death penalty . he was terminated from the north charleston police department the following day , with chief eddie riggers telling a press conference that he had watched the video and found it ' sickening ' . slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing last saturday . this after the shooting was caught on camera by an eyewitness . slager had reported that scott was going for his taser at the time , a claim the video footage refuted . he claimed to have stopped the man for a broken brake light . 