he 's a chelsea legend after 13 trophy-laden years at the club and it seems that frank lampard ca n't keep away from that part of west london . the 36-year-old was pictured walking down the english capital 's iconic king 's road , enjoying himself with fiancee christine bleakley on thursday . the couple were all smiles as lampard enjoyed a day off from training with current club manchester city ahead of their weekend premier league clash at home to west ham united . frank lampard made a return to chelsea as he walked down king 's road with fiancee christine bleakley . to date , the midfielder has made 32 appearances for city in all competitions on loan this season from mls outfit new york city - scoring seven goals . lampard will be joining his parent club in july , as new york currently continue play their debut season in the mls without their marquee signing . and looking ahead to lampard 's arrival in america , former everton and manchester city midfielder adrian heath believes lampard and la galaxy-bound steven gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside . ' they will have to get used to the travel for an away game . six hour flights leaving on thursday and not arriving back until sunday night . the time difference , sleep patterns , ' he told sportsmail . the 36-year-old ( left ) has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for manchester city on loan this season . lampard will join up with parent club new york city in july after signing a two-year deal with the mls side . liverpool captain steven gerrard will join la galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at the club . ' i think they 'll be impressed with the athleticism in the league . six years ago coming here in your mid thirties you could get away with coasting but those days are gone . frank will be fine and so will steven because they 've got great football brains . ' and heath , who is now manager of fellow new mls team orlando city , believes they will find a much more level playing field . ' the great thing about the mls is because of the salary cap there is parity and you do n't know who is going to win the league , ' he added . ' the premier league is exciting in many ways but you know only three or four teams can win it . ' orlando city boss adrian heath believes lampard and gerrard are set for culture shocks when they move .