the kardashians might be at the forefront of fashion trends , but apparently not the waist-trimmers , or ' girdles ' as sophie falkiner calls them . australian tv presenter , model and mother of two , sophie falkiner reveals she 's been ahead of the trend , ten years before the kardashians began instagramming it . while khloe kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new , slim figure , falkiner says she discovered the benefits while interviewing hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago . scroll down for video . slim sophie : sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the kardashians . waist workout : kim ( left ) and khloe ( right ) kardashian swear by corset-like waist trainers for slimming their waist . ' with any surgery , whether liposuction or trauma surgery , the surgeons all said it 's important to wear protective gear afterwards , ' she told daily mail australia . ' so when you have a baby and have excess skin , all the surgeons in la said that’s what they would recommend to their patients after having babies . ' ' wearing girdles really worked for me . the thicker , the better , ' falkiner has previously told sydney morning herald . bounce back : jessica alba also swore by girdles for getting back her pre-baby figure . falkiner said that her sister , a nurse in singapore , also noticed girdles were trending for quite some time in hospitals in singapore as a common recommendation for women needing a protective layer after a c-section . ' i do n't believe in cinching in your waist just because , but i do believe in high-waisted , good old fashioned spanx after having baby , ' she said . ' all my girlfriends who i 've told since to do it have managed to get their bodies back after three months and they now swear by it . ' model mother : as a mother to two , falkiner says having a tight spanx like waist trimmer is key to her figure . while she says she is n't sure about the science behind it , she believes it definitely works - and jessica alba also swore by it for getting her pre-baby bod back too . so if she does , it 's definitely the real deal . ' since then i 've passed the spanx around to all my girlfriends having babies , ' she said . ' i don’t believe in starving yourself after , so while it takes a while to snap back in , you will feel better . and if you look good , you 'll feel good , ' says the trim , mother and presenter .