what 's more exciting than meeting your idol ? meeting your idol in a starbucks , while wearing a shirt with their name on it , and having your picture uploaded to their instagram account . one little boy was lucky enough to meet justin verlander , pitcher for the detroit tigers , under those same , once-in-a-lifetime , circumstances . verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back . scroll down for video . selfie : detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander ( right ) snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back . instagram : the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ' love having my fans support ! ! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' . the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ' love having my fans support ! ! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around . ' perhaps ' pretty surprised ' is an understatement when a little boy meets his idol , but we 'll take verlander 's word for it . this is n't the first time a celebrity has snapped a selfie with an unsuspecting fan . in january , former philadelphia phillies pitcher roy halladay tweeted a photo to his more than 40,000 twitter followers of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player 's name and jersey number on the back . this guy was n't so lucky . apparently , halladay did n't meet the fan , he tweeted : ' oopps you missed me ! walked right by me ! hope he gets to see his pic with me on twitter , he does n't know we took this . ' fan : in january , former philadelphia phillies pitcher roy halladay ( right ) tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan ( left ) who wore a red shirt with the former player 's name and jersey number on the back . ' full house ' star john stamos , who played uncle jessie , stopped by his tv home in san francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking out the famous house . the 51-year-old actor took a photo of himself in front of the home as the unsuspecting fans marveled at the front of the san francisco house featured in the opening sequence of the family sitcom . stamos uploaded the photo to instagram with the caption : ' boy , these youngsters have 0.0 idea what they 're missing . # fullhousehouse . # turnaround . ' it is unknown if the ' youngsters ' ever did , in fact , # turnaround or if they missed their ' old familiar friend . ' # turnaround : last month , ' full house ' star john stamos ( left ) , who played uncle jessie , stopped by his tv home in san francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking out the famous house .   