at first glance , the rest of our solar system seems to be a pretty barren place - pockmarked worlds with dry surfaces are abundant , and only one - earth - has visible water . but by peering beneath the surfaces of other worlds , scientists are quickly realising that water may actually be much more commonplace than thought . nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on earth - and some may even contain life , according to nasa . nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface , such as ceres , seen here . the distance from the sun is given in au , which stands for astronomical unit - and one au is the distance from earth to the sun . the agency released an infographic detailing the various worlds of our solar system suspected to have subsurface oceans . it followed claims by dr ellen stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years . ‘ nasa science activities have provided a wave of amazing findings related to water in recent years that inspire us to continue investigating our origins and the fascinating possibilities for other worlds , and life , in the universe , ’ she said . ‘ in our lifetime , we may very well finally answer whether we are alone in the solar system and beyond . ’ there at least 200 billion earth-like planets in our galaxy - and now nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . during a talk in washington this week , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' said dr ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa . ' we know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' dr jeffrey newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ' it 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ' we are not talking about little green men , ' dr stofan said . ' we are talking about little microbes . ' water is important because life , as we know it , needs it to survive . some may say that there could be other forms of life that don’t need water - but as we don’t know of any yet , it makes sense to look for wet environments to discover if we are alone or not . ‘ as nasa missions explore our solar system and search for new worlds , they are finding water in surprising places , ’ the agency said in a statement . ‘ water is but one piece of our search for habitable planets and life beyond earth , yet it links many seemingly unrelated worlds in surprising ways . ’ the chemical elements in water , hydrogen and oxygen , are some of the most abundant elements in the universe . the signature of water can be seen in the giant molecular clouds between stars , or in disks of material in young planetary systems . in our solar system the gas giant planets - jupiter , saturn , uranus and neptune - are thought to contains lots of water in their atmospheres . but it is the solid moons and dwarf planets that are of more interest . for example , scientists using nasa’s hubble space telescope recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter’s moon ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . signs of an underground ocean on europa can be seen in the lines that are strewn across its surface . a nasa mission next decade will seek to search for water emanating from europa - and see if its oceans are habitable . ganymede , meanwhile , has layers of water and ice below its surface . scientists using nasa’s hubble space telescope recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter’s moon ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . the water forms because the moon is pushed and pulled by the gas giant jupiter . here the lines across europa 's surface can be seen , likely caused by the icy surface cracking due to the motion of water underground . on its surface , callisto is a barren world covered in craters , but underground it might also have an underground ocean . meanwhile , geysers of water have been seen shooting from enceladus . water on worlds like ganymede forms through tidal heating ; its orbit around jupiter is not perfectly circular , so it is pushed and pulled by the planet’s gravity , melting ice beneath its surface . saturn’s moons europa and enceladus are also thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface , in contact with mineral-rich rock , and may have the three ingredients needed for life as we know it . these are liquid water , essential chemical elements for biological processes and sources of energy that could be used by living things . nasa 's cassini mission has also revealed enceladus as an active world of icy geysers . recent research suggests it may have hydrothermal activity on its ocean floor , an environment potentially suitable for living organisms . signs of water have also been spotted in craters on mercury , while it appears that mars was at least once wet - and may still have occasional brief rivers of water on its surface . the dwarf planet ceres , between earth and jupiter , may also have some water-ice on its surface - and water underground . nasa’s dawn spacecraft , which recently arrived in orbit , will hopefully reveal how wet this world is . titan could have lakes of liquid hydrocarbons on its surface , but may also have an ocean of water underground - although its unlikely to support life . mimas , meanwhile , often compared to the death star from star wars owing to its huge crater , could possibly harbor life . jets of material are seen shooting from enceladus here , as pictured by nasa 's cassini spacecraft . exactly how these jets form or what they are made of , however , is not clear . nasa recently announced that it is now thought mars once had more water than the arctic ocean on earth , shown in this illustration . almost of this water has gone today , leaving the world barren and dry . towards the outer reaches of the solar system , even neptune 's moon triton and the dwarf planet pluto may have some sort of ocean hiding under their surfaces . other moons including callisto , titan , mimas and triton are also thought to have underground oceans , while pluto at the edge of the solar system may , too , be equally wet . and if these worlds are proven to have water , it stands to reason that others outside the solar system may also have oceans , either underground or on their surface . missions like the upcoming transiting exoplanet survey satellite ( tess ) - scheduled to launch in 2017 - will such nearby , bright stars for earth-sized worlds , some of which may have water . and nasa’s next great space observatory meanwhile , the james webb space telescope , scheduled to launch in 2019 , will examine the atmospheres of certain worlds in detail . ‘ it 's easy to forget that the story of earth 's water , from gentle rains to raging rivers , is intimately connected to the larger story of our solar system and beyond , ’ nasa said in a statement . ‘ but our water came from somewhere - every world in our solar system got its water from the same shared source . ‘ so it 's worth considering that the next glass of water you drink could easily have been part of a comet , or an ocean moon , or a long-vanished sea on the surface of mars . ‘ and note that the night sky may be full of exoplanets formed by similar processes to our home world , where gentle waves wash against the shores of alien seas . ’