not content to just sell other manufacturers phones and mobile plans , carphone warehouse is launching a network of its own . called id , the mobile network will launch in may and offer free roaming in 22 countries including the us , australia and across europe . the firm 's boss told mailonline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets . carphone warehouse 's mobile network launches in may and will offer free roaming in 22 countries , including the us , australia and across europe . the firm 's boss told mailonline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets . when id launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 . carphone warehouse 's id will use three 's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans . ' carphone warehouse is unique because we speak to more customers across the networks than anyone else . this gives us a unique customer insight , ' uk and ireland chief executive graham stapleton told mailonline . the id network ( logo pictured ) will use three 's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans . ' they tell us what could be better across the whole of the industry and id is based on that insight ; giving customers what they want . ' we 're building this network from scratch and are using the latest technology to connect and build id , and because tech is moving so quickly we 've been able to come up with something innovative and different . ' he said that at launch carphone warehouse is creating a platform for the network and in ' two to three months ' time [ it ] will launch products that no-one else will have . ' but mr stapleton would n't reveal what these will be in order to maintain a competitor advantage over rival networks . he continued that the aim is to have all the handsets it currently sells available on the network . ' the reason we are putting 12-month contracts and deals out there is that there is no-one else offering such 12 month contracts and our customers said it was a feature they wanted , ' he continued . id wo n't the only network to offer 12-month contracts , though . vodafone , for example , has a range of contracts that start at £9.50 a month . when id launches it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , shown in the graph above . this will put it ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 . carphone warehouse 's boss graham stapleton said the id website will launch tomorrow , where people can register their interest . the full range of plans will be announced as they become available , but an example offers the samsung a3 ( shown ) on a 12-month 4g plan with 300 mins , 5000 texts and 1 gb data for £19.50 . in terms of next steps , mr stapleton said the website will launch tomorrow where people can register their interest , and the network as a platform will launch in may - although he did n't give an exact date . two months after it announced it was launching its own mobile network , google is now said to be looking at ways to get rid of roaming fees . the tech giant is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , the owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ' wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network . google 's vice president sundar pichai confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at mobile world congress in barcelona in february . it will be initially offered to cities that have google fiber , such as kansas , texas and utah and google is working with network operators on developing the cellular plan . the firm will also be launching an app to manage billing and then new features will be announced during the summer that mr stapleton described as ' just fantastic and very innovative . ' the full range of plans and offers will be announced as they become available , but an example plan offers the samsung a3 on a 12-month 4g plan with 300 mins , 5,000 texts and 1 gb data for £19.50 . ' this is just the beginning , ' added mr stapleton . ' we know that there are lots more customer issues and frustrations with existing mobile plans that we 're eager to tackle . ' we want this network to be focused on the individual and we will continue to listen to customers over the coming months , asking them to help develop and evolve id . ' other features include controls and caps to help people prevent ' bill shock ' - surprise costs and fees added to their account . id is the first major initiative from dixons carphone and will be available to customers via all carphone warehouse , currys and pc world stores , as well as online . ernest doku , telecoms expert at uswitch.com told mailonline : ' it 's quite a coup that id piggybacks off three 's network given that carphone warehouse has n't offered any deals from the network in years . perhaps id mobiles was the olive branch . ' the promise of 12-month contracts is likely to be a major win with mobile users who crave flexibility - we know that because of the rising popularity of sim-only deals . ' but id 's success all hinges on how keenly these shorter contracts are priced . we eagerly await more concrete details , in terms of cost and the full range of handsets that will be offered . ' carphone warehouse is the latest firm to launch its own network . in january sky announced plans to launch its own network , powered by o2 . o2 's owner telefónica uk will give sky wholesale access to 2g , 3g and 4g voice and data services . the first deals are expected to launch in 2016 . sky is the country 's second-largest provider of home broadband and most popular 'triple-play ' provider . in january sky announced plans to launch its own network , powered by o2 . o2 's owner telefónica uk will give sky wholesale access to 2g , 3g and 4g voice and data services , with the first deals expecting to launch in 2016 . carphone warehouse 's id will use three 's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans . it is the latest firm to launch its own network . in january sky announced plans to launch its own network , powered by o2 . o2 's owner telefónica uk will give sky wholesale access to 2g , 3g and 4g voice and data services , with the first deals expecting to launch in 2016 . meanwhile , telefónica uk already rents part of its network to tesco mobile . sky is hoping to rival fellow broadcaster virgin media , which shares ee 's network , and bt , which is said to be in talks to buy ee . vodafone was initially seen as a leading contender for the wholesale partnership with sky as the two firms already have content partnerships in place . vodafone red 4g customers can get access to sky sports as part of their plan , for example . instead , vodafone is planning to launch a broadband and tv service later this year that will use its cable and wireless business fibre network , and bt 's openreach network . sky is hoping to rival fellow broadcaster virgin media , which uses ee 's network for its mobile services , and bt , which is said to be in talks to buy ee . under the terms of sky 's multi-year deal , telefónica uk will share its network with the media giant across the uk , and the first services will launch next year . sky is the country 's second-largest provider of home broadband since entering the market seven years ago , with more than 5 million customers . it is also said to be the most popular 'triple-play ' provider , with almost 40 per cent of its customers taking its three services - tv , telephone and broadband . adding a mobile service would make it a so-called 'quad-play provider . ' more recently it launched a mobile tv service sky go that lets people watch live and on-demand films and tv shows on their phones and tablets . financial terms of the partnership were not given and an o2 spokesman said the deal would not affect existing o2 customers . meanwhile , telefónica uk already rents part of its network to tesco mobile . and sky and vodafone also have a number of content partnerships in place . vodafone red 4g customers can get access to sky sports as part of their plan , for example . vodafone is planning to launch a broadband and tv service later this year that will use its cable and wireless business fibre network , and bt 's openreach network . pricing details , and what tv content will be offered , has yet to be announced . financial terms of the partnership were not given and an o2 spokesman said the deal would not affect existing o2 customers . meanwhile , telefónica uk already rents part of its network to tesco mobile and showing a willingness to open its network to sky could help it gain approval for three 's acquisition .   