ed miliband ( pictured yesterday at the shree swaminarayan temple , north london ) is pressing on with his controversial cap rents , despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire . labour 's plans to impose rent controls are ‘ economically illiterate’ and will slash investment in new housing , leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords , experts warned last night . ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts , business and even labour figures that they will backfire . he said rent controls – demanded by the militant unite union that bankrolls labour – would give millions of ‘forgotten’ renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called generation rent by soaring house prices . but the generation rent campaign group said his plans were ‘ riddled with loopholes’ and may make tenants’ lives worse . under the proposals , landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time . alex hilton , director of generation rent , said long tenancies were welcome but the proposal would give landlords an incentive to evict their tenants and would not keep rent down , adding : ‘ this is because they have no plans to limit rent rises between tenancies – or after your first three years are up . ‘ worse than this , labour’s planning new ways for landlords to evict you within that period , for example to sell your home or get it back for other reasons . these loopholes are scary when you think they’re attached to a big financial incentive to use them – because that’s the only way they will be able to put rent up in the first three years . ’ in another loophole , hundreds of thousands of properties owned by buy-to-let investors could be excluded altogether . most buy-to-let mortgages specify maximum tenancies of one year . labour sources said these landlords would be able to offer short tenancies ‘ where contractually obliged’ . senior tories called the proposal ‘drivel’ and said it would suppress house building and push rents up . chancellor george osborne described the plan as a ‘ totally economically-illiterate statement that grabs headlines , but is dismissed by every expert who looks at it’ . the confederation of british industry said the way to tackle the housing crisis was to build more homes , and warned the plans could discourage investment , thereby forcing up rents in the long term . the labour leader said rent controls – demanded by the militant unite union that bankrolls labour – would give millions of ‘forgotten’ renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called generation rent . senior tories called the proposal ‘drivel’ and said it would suppress house building and push rents up . pictured : mr miliband and boris johnson on the andrew marr show today . some senior labour figures also have concerns , with former minister tessa jowell warning against a cap last week , saying : ‘ before taking a step like that you have to be clear it doesn’t have unintended consequences . ’ yesterday , however , she insisted she supported the plan . housing spokesman emma reynolds was forced on the back foot yesterday after footage emerged of her in 2013 saying : ‘ i don’t think rent controls are going to work in practice . ’ yesterday , she said she meant ‘seventies-style controls’ and said labour’s plan was different . rent controls were widely blamed for a reduction in rented housing in britain and europe in the seventies as investment dried up . the bad old days : a manchester slum . rent controls have already proved a disaster in britain after they were introduced in the first world war . the measure was supposed to be temporary – but was only dismantled by margaret thatcher in the eighties . during this time the private rented sector collapsed from 90 per cent of the country’s housing stock to less than 10 per cent . by the seventies , rent controls were widely blamed for the slum conditions in much of britain’s remaining private rented stock . landlords , unable to make a sustainable return , neglected homes and dragged their feet over the most basic repairs . unscrupulous operators such as peter rachman , whose name became a byword for exploitation , drove out tenants who had legal rent protection to replace them with others who were not covered by the law . gordon brown’s favourite economist paul krugman , a nobel prize-winner , has warned that attempts to control rent always fail , writing : ‘ almost every freshman-level textbook contains a case study on rent control , using its known adverse side-effects to illustrate the principles of supply and demand . ’ the socialist swedish economist assar lindbeck once said : ‘ next to bombing , rent control seems in many cases to be the most efficient technique for destroying cities . ’ alan ward , of the residential landlords association , warned that rent controls could result in a return to the ugly conditions of the past , adding they ‘ would lessen investment in new homes when we need more and serve only to paper over cracks in the market’ . he said : ‘ for some , it is easier to achieve a cheap political point by calling for rent controls than provide a prescription for growth in the private rented sector . ultimately , tenants would lose as they find themselves forced into slums rented by rachman landlords operating outside the legal market . ’ david cox , of the association of residential letting agents , said rent controls led to a fall in supply and the standard of homes because ‘ landlords do not have the money to invest in ongoing maintenance’ . sam bowman , of the adam smith institute think-tank , said rent controls were ‘ a stunningly bad idea that could clobber renters’ . he said they would give landlords a huge incentive to raise rents at the start of a tenancy , adding : ‘ labour has unwittingly announced a policy that could devastate cities and exacerbate the housing crisis . ’ the institute of economic affairs said the proposal ‘ would result in higher rents , a reduction in the quality of rented property and in the supply of homes to rent without improving affordability’ . nicola 's political balancing act . she has spent the whole election campaign tilting to the left . but yesterday nicola sturgeon was trying her best to stick to the centre – even leaning to the right at times . balancing act : nicola sturgeon was trying her best to stick to the centre – even leaning to the right at times . the scottish first minister went to an election campaign event at the jump gymnastics club , cumbernauld . however , it was not political gymnastics being performed by the snp leader . instead she was joining youngsters on the beam and parallel bars during a visit to a gym in cumbernauld , scotland . miss sturgeon was launching her party’s youth manifesto , joined by actor martin compston , the star of police drama line of duty . compston said scottish nationalist mps would ensure the voices of scotland’s youth were heard . 