charles darwin argued that animals can express emotions with their face and body , like humans do . now researchers have found that rats can recognise pain the faces of their fellow rodents . the study suggests that as well as expressing their emotional state , the pained faces of rats may have a ‘ communicative function’ . they may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help . researchers have found that rats can recognise pain the faces of their fellow rodents .researchers based at different institutions in tokyo , noted that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain ( shown in the images on the right ) – an observation in previous studies . researchers based at different institutions in tokyo , noted that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain – an observation in previous studies . the experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction , or to communicate their discomfort to others . they found that long-evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to makes decisions , popular science reported . the scientists first took photographs of rats who were in pain and others with neutral expressions . to test the rodents ' response to rats’ pained expressions , they showed them the photos in a specially made cage , to test whether they responded to the face , rather than the smell of another animal , for example . the rats chosen are described as ‘naive’ in the study , published in the journal royal society open science , and were between eight and 12 months old . individuals were put into a cage composed of three interconnecting rooms , one of which had images of a rat in pain , which had been given an electric shock . to test the rodent’s response to rats’ pained expressions , they showed them the photos in a specially made cage ( pictured ) . they found that rats spent less time in the room showing rodents in pain , than they did in the other compartment showing rats with neutral facial expressions . male mice sing to woo females , scientists claim . they also change their tune depending on whether she is within sight or not . the females , meanwhile , seem to like some of the songs more than others . in a quirky study that could shed help shed light on autism and other conditions that involve difficulties in communication , researchers from duke university in north carolina studied male mice that were either placed in a cage with a female – or one with just her scent . special equipment was used to record and analyse their squeaks , which are so high-pitched that people can’t hear them . this revealed that they sang one song when they could simply smell a female and another one when they could see her . when they could merely smell a potential mate , they belted out an extremely shrill and complex song , perhaps in an attempt to make themselves known . but when she was within sight , they serenaded her more softly . these songs also had a more simple structure and were longer . they entered one-by-one through a central compartment without any images on the walls and made their way to a compartment off the central room with pictures of pained rats on the walls and another offshoot room with photos of happier rats on the walls . each rat was allowed to wander freely around the cage for 10 minutes while the researchers recorded how long it spent in each room . they found that rats spent more time in the rooms where they didn’t have to confront the image of a rat in pain . '…the rats stayed longer in the compartment with the images of neutral expressions than in that with the images of pain expressions , ’ the study says . ‘ this indicates that the rats were able to discriminate the category of emotional expression . ’ on average , they spent one minute less in the pain room , than the compartment showing a rat with a neutral expression . while the scientists didn’t say that the study suggests mice can empathise , they believe that their facial expressions have evolved to communicate pain . they wrote : ‘ emotional expression in rodents , rather than just a mere “expression” of emotional states , might have a communicative function . ’ ‘ the emotional expression of pain might have an adaptive function for both the expresser and receiver , such as emitting a warning signal or promoting carer behaviour from the receiver , ’ they hypothesised . previous studies have shown that several kinds of primates make faces and can discriminate between different expressions .