islamic state militants infiltrated a palestinian refugee camp in damascus today , marking the terrorist group 's deepest foray the syrian capital and seat of president bashar assad 's power . isis entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the syrian side between rebels and government forces . the militants , who already control large swaths of territory in northern syria , reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in southern damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the al qaeda-affiliated nusra front . according to the the uk-based syrian observatory for human rights , isis managed to take control of large parts of the yarmouk camp following clashes with a palestinian group . jihadis : isis militants ( pictured ) entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the syrian side between rebels and government forces . if isis manage to gain full control of yarmouk , the jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart of the capital as possibly challenge assad himself . the palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years . u.n. aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp , where thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine . the camp had witnessed fighting in the past between government forces and militants who control much of the camp . the observatory reported heavy clashes in the camp between is fighters and members of the palestinian faction called aknaf beit al-maqdis . residents of the palestinian-run yarmouk camp are seen queuing to receive food supplies last year . anwar raja , the spokesman for the pro-assad popular front for the liberation of palestine said isis fighters entered the camp from nearby hajar aswad where they have been based for months . he added that today 's push came was coordinated between isis and their rivals in the nusra front , al qaeda 's branch in syria . ' the nusra front opened the road for them in order to infiltrate the camp and several hours ago they entered yarmouk , ' raja said by telephone . it was not immediately clear why nusra - who have repeatedly fought against isis over the past year - would facilitate the entry of the group into the camp . a syrian foreign ministry statement today said it holds jordan responsible for ' obstructing the movement of trucks and passengers and any ensuing economic or social repercussions . ' u.n relief workers with blue helmets and vests stand next of residents of the yarmouk camp one year ago . jordanian government spokesman mohammed al-momani said that the nasib crossing was temporarily closed late last night because of clashes nearby . ' it is important for us to keep the safety for the passengers and those who are trying to cross between the two countries , ' he said . ' so we decided to close the border temporarily , until things calm down . then we will open it again . ' a spokesman for rebels in southern syria , issam al-rayess , confirmed that rebel fighters were trying to take control of the border crossing from syrian authorities . the nasib crossing is the only functioning crossing between jordan and syria and is considered a crucial gateway for syria 's government and for syrian , lebanese and jordanian traders and merchants . gruesome new images have emerged showing islamic state militants stoning a blindfolded and bound man and woman to death in iraq after they were accused of having sex before marriage . taken in the isis-stronghold of mosul in nineveh province , the shocking images show a large crowd gathered to watch the jihadis murder the defenceless couple . young boys clamber onto their fathers ' shoulders to get a better view of the man and woman being charged with ' fornication ' , before the familiar white-bearded face of isis 's elderly mosul-based executioner-in-chief abu ansar al-ansari orders their stoning to death . the sickening images begin by showing a large crowd gathered in a rain-drenched square in central mosul . stoned to death : taken in the isis-stronghold of mosul in nineveh province , the shocking images show a large crowd gathered to watch the isis militants murder the defenceless couple . bloodthirsty : with heavily armed militants taking up positions on ledges overlooking the crowd , the young men and boys jostle to ensure they get the best view of the murder . with heavily armed militants taking up positions on ledges overlooking the crowd , the young men and boys jostle to ensure they get the best view of the murder . in the background of the image , women wearing black niqabs are seen gathered together . an islamic state militant with a yellow scarf covering his face is then seen using a microphone and pa system to read out the charge of ' fornication ' against the couple , suggesting they have been accused of having sex without being married , not of committing adultery . a large pile of stones are then seen heaped in the middle of the road , before the barbaric isis militants began throwing them at the defenceless and blindfolded couple , who have had their hands bound to prevent them getting away . as stones rain down on the victims ' bodies , large pools of blood appear in the road , before eventually the man and woman die of their injuries and the savagery finally comes to an end . preparing to kill : after the charges are read out , the familiar white-bearded face of isis ' elderly mosul-based executioner-in-chief abu ansar al-ansari ( centre ) orders their stoning to death .