most women have known the frustrated feeling of nursing the broken heel of a irreplaceable shoe . or perhaps even experienced the struggle of finding footwear that is appropriate for all occasions . tanya heath paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel . scroll down for video . tanya heath paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place , and can be released at the push of a button . a high heel ( up to 3.5 inches ) can be swapped for a lower heel ( 1.5 inches ) , without compromising the style . the first of their kind , the shoes , which start from £260 ) are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles . every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe , in the centre of the heel . once a new heel is slid into the shoe , it is locked into place , and at the press of the button , the heel can be released and slid out of place . the fact that the heel unlocks also makes awkward packing attempts a lot easier , and means that the heels can be also be slipped into an evening bag . in terms of storing the shoes , the heel can easily be slid off and packed away , which makes for less clumsy carrying or packing . there are hundreds of heel varieties available , from high to low , stiletto to chunky , and in a large array of prints . the brand was perfected in september 2013 , with the tagline reading : ' same shoe , different heels , endless possibilities . ' from strappy metallic sandals , to versatile black pumps , there are styles to fit all occasions , and that 's before the multitude of heel choices are taken into consideration . canadian-born designer tanya heath has lived and worked in paris for the last 20 years . the interchangeable heels come in all widths , from chunky and secure , to a stylish stiletto , and prints vary from leopard print , to pink glitter , to even adorned with metal spikes . undoubtedly , the real sell is that , without changing the form or composition of the actual shoe , a high heel ( up to 3.5 inches ) can be swapped in for a low heel ( 1.5 inches ) . masterminding the brand is canadian fashion designer , tanya heath . the 44-year-old has lived and worked in paris for the last 20 years , and worked in strategy , consulting , technology and private equity . also a wife and a mum of three , heath had no prior professional training and was completely self-taught . when tanya talks about inspiration for the start of the brand , she insists that it was completely personal . ' [ the inspiration was ] from my life . i wore high heels to work , to restaurants , to parties . ' i wore them everywhere but i could never manage the pain . once i nearly had a car accident when my heel locked under the break . ' i just fantasised non-stop about a shoe where you could just take the heels off , and that would go from a comfortable low-heel to a high-heel , and still make me look good ! ' tanya has admitted that it was difficult to create a shoe , where the composition would n't change depending on the height of the heel . ' it took 14 engineers and two and a half years to perfect the arch and the clip . ' once we had a working principle , over 10 designers , shoe technicians and last specialists worked on creating styles that work in multi-height . ' her shoe collection has now become fully integrated with her own wardrobe . she has worn a style from the collection ' every day of my life for the past 3 years ! ' tanya heath 's invention means that high stilettos ( pictured left ) can be swapped for a chunky more comfortable heel ( pictured right ) depending on the occasion . it 's not only just the heel height that 's the selling point - different prints can boost the outfit . in this case , pink sparkly heels are being chosen and slid on . in terms of the celebrities tanya would want to wear the heels , the list is endless . ' there are so many women who i admire . i would love kate middleton to try a pair because she has single-handedly re-branded fashion for the monarchy . ' and also emma thompson , who was so clearly unhappy with the comfort of her heels last year at the academy awards . '