kawhi leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals as the san antonio spurs rolled past golden state 107-92 on sunday , ending the warriors ' 12-game winning streak while extending their own to seven straight . san antonio also extended their home winning streak over golden state to 32 straight , dating back to 1997 , the season before duncan arrived . tim duncan had 19 points and danny green added 18 points for san antonio , who led by as many as 28 points . kawhi leonard was in exceptional form as the san antonio spurs defeated golden state warriors 107-92 . leonard reaches for the basket during the spurs win - he scored a career-high 26 points in the success . leonard 's heroics inspired the spurs to their 32nd consecutive home win over the warriors . ' kawhi was magnificent at both ends of the court , ' san antonio coach gregg popovich said . ' he is really playing confidently , but he has n't forgotten to predicate his game on defense and on the boards . it kind of fuels him offensively . ' stephen curry had 24 points , but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting by leonard . klay thompson was held to six points for golden state . ' this is the first time i think since christmas that we have n't really been in a game , ' curry said . ' we 'll be fine going forward . ' stephen curry ( right ) , seen here taking on tony parker , scored 24 points for the warriors . the roles are reversed as parker drives against curry during a san antonio attack . in other games , indiana got injured star paul george back just in time , beating miami 112-89 to remain in contention for the play-offs . houston overcame russell westbrook 's 11th triple-double of the season to beat oklahoma city 115-112 , and lebron james recorded his first triple-double since returning to cleveland to lift the cavaliers over chicago 99-94 . george finished with 13 points in 15 minutes - his first action for the pacers since breaking his right leg on august 1 . luis scola scored a season-high 23 points to lead indiana to its second straight win . the pacers moved into a tie with miami for the no . 9 spot in the eastern conference . both teams trail boston by one game for the conference 's eighth and final play-off spot . james harden scored 41 points for the rockets , who won for the seventh time in eight games . paul george ( right ) returned from injury for indiana as they beat miami 112-89 to revive their play-off hopes . oklahoma 's russell westbrook shoots under pressure from houston rockets forward josh smith . lebron james jumps for the basket during the cleveland cavaliers ' 99-94 win over the chicago bulls . harden and westbrook , the league 's top two scorers , both entered the game averaging 27.5 points per game . harden made 12 of 22 shots and 6 of 9 3-pointers before fouling out with 33 seconds left , while westbrook finished with 40 points , 13 assists and 11 rebounds . the thunder lost their third straight and only lead new orleans by a half game for the no . 8 playoff spot in the western conference . in cleveland , james finished with 20 points , 12 assists and 10 rebounds , his first triple-double in a cleveland uniform since may 13 , 2010 , two months before he left as a free agent for miami . the cavaliers made 16 3-pointers while winning their 18th straight home game and moving closer to a central division title and securing the no . 2 seed in the eastern conference playoffs . kyle irving of cleveland ( right ) gets beyond aaron brooks of the chicago bulls during sunday 's game . joakim noah of the bulls dunks after getting clear of timofey mozgov . elsewhere , blake griffin scored 18 points and deandre jordan added 16 points and 11 rebounds as the los angeles clippers sent the lakers to their team-record 56th defeat of the season . with six games still to play , the lakers have surpassed last season 's team as the worst in the 16-time champion franchise 's illustrious history . the clippers have won 10 of 11 down the stretch , staying in the tight five-team race behind golden state for homecourt advantage in the first two rounds of the western conference playoffs . utah topped sacramento 101-95 and the new york knicks beat philadelphia 101-91 to end a nine-game losing streak . blake griffin ( right ) of the clippers reaches for the basket under pressure from tarik black of the la lakers . 