the family rift in france’s national front deepened yesterday after founder jean-marie le pen pulled out of regional elections – but said his granddaughter should stand in his place . the 86-year-old’s announcement came after he infuriated his daughter marine , the far-right party’s current leader , with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks last week . mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust - in which the nazis murdered six million jews - was ‘ a detail of history’ and had also praised france’s wartime leader marshal petain , who collaborated with hitler . keeping it in the family : national front founder jean-marie le pen , 86 , right , angered daughter marine , 46 , and now wants granddaughter marion marechal-le pen , 25 , to replace him in the regional elections . next generation : shortly after her grandfather 's comments , marion marechal-le pen , 25 , pictured with le pen in 2012 , confirmed that she would seek the party’s nomination . his 46-year-old daughter had reacted furiously to the outburst , saying she would oppose his candidacy in regional elections in december and accusing him of ‘ political suicide’ . now party founder le pen has told french publication le figaro that he will not stand in the south-east provence-alpes-cote d’azur region ‘ even though i think i am the best candidate’ . he said it was because the party was at risk of being ‘ dangerously weakened’ over what he called a severe but unjustified crisis over his comments . the former paratrooper , who remains the front’s honorary president and will retain his seat in the european parliament , said : ‘ if i must make a sacrifice for the future of the movement , i would not be the one to cause it damage , ’ . mr le pen said the best replacement candidate would be his grand-daughter marion marechal-le pen , 25 , who confirmed shortly after that she would seek the party’s nomination . family feud : national front leader marine accused her father of ' political suicide ' after he called the holocaust ‘ a detail of history’ and had also praised france’s wartime leader marshal petain . mr le pen told the magazine : ‘ if she accepts , i think she would head a very good list ( of candidates ) . she is certainly the best , i am not going to say after me , but she is . ’ his granddaughter is seen as more socially conservative than her aunt . unlike marine , marion was firmly against a 2013 law permitting same-sex marriage in france . asked if he felt betrayed by his daughter , mr le pen told le figaro magazine : ‘ betrayed would be going a bit far , but let’s say i’m disappointed . ’ a top party official , florian philippot , said on i-tele television that le pen had discussed the decision with party leadership . by standing down , mr le pen avoids possible formal exclusion as a candidate on friday , when the national front’s political bureau meets to designate who will run in the december election . opinion polls see marine le pen as likely to make it to the second round of 2017 presidential elections but not win .