ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ' secretly ' dating . relish the scene . a dinner party in west london . the hostess : stephanie flanders , the glamorous then economics editor of bbc2 's newsnight . the guests : young barristers and would-be politicians . central to the party that night back in march 2004 was flanders ' boyfriend , labour rising star ed miliband . at the time , he was chief economics adviser to the chancellor , gordon brown . miliband had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s . ever the policy nerd , the son of a marxist professor waxed lyrical about economic theory . as he held court , a young woman called justine thornton , who was sitting across the table and whom he had never met before , became transfixed . a clever young environmental lawyer , she had been invited by stephanie — the brilliant daughter of michael flanders , of the fifties and sixties musical comedy duo flanders & swann . yesterday , justine recalled in a red-top newspaper : ' i thought he was good-looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . but we just went down a conversation cul-de-sac . apparently we had nothing in common . ' he just wanted to talk about economics — one of my least favourite subjects . none of our conversations went anywhere . ' mrs miliband said that she was ' furious ' when — far from being ' unattached ' — she found out that he was ' secretly going out with ' the woman who had invited her for dinner . fast-forward more than 11 years and the milibands have since had two children , married and believe they are less than a month away from moving house with their family to no 10 downing street . but the story of the pair 's first meeting offers a fascinating insight into the somewhat caddish character of the labour leader . scroll down for video . for , not only did he knife his elder brother in the back by ending his dream of getting the labour leadership by standing against him ( contrary to the wishes of their mother ) , but he met his future wife justine ( albeit unwittingly ) at that dinner party hosted by his then girlfriend . the story emerged yesterday when mrs miliband gave an interview to the labour-supporting daily mirror . clearly she was guided by labour spin doctors , who wanted to give the impression to voters that her husband was a touchy-feely human being , rather than the soulless nerd that his awkward image conveys on tv . the simpering headline of the article ran : ' ed bandaged me up after i was bitten by a doberman . . . and i fell in love . ' justine told how , during the 2005 election campaign , ed had come to her rescue after she was bitten by the dog . it happened when they were putting leaflets through letter-boxes in houses in runcorn , cheshire . ' ed bandaged me and i fell in love with him , ' said justine . former partners of mr miliband include juliet soskice ( left ) and fellow political aide liz lloyd ( right ) . after their first meeting at that 2004 dinner party , it was at least a year before they started dating . justine 's recollection is n't , though , the first public airing of her love story with ed . in the biography of the labour leader , titled ed : the milibands and the making of a labour leader , an associate is quoted as saying : ' although she was struck by his eyes — wide and brown and fixed on their subject — a friend remembers her undoubted excitement after meeting ed as : ' gosh , how fascinating , he 's really clever ' , rather than : ' gosh , how handsome ' . ' perhaps glossing over what may be seen as such caddish behaviour , the daily mirror omitted to say that the dinner 's hostess , stephanie flanders ( who later left the bbc for a £400,000-a-year job at a bank in the city ) , was ed 's then girlfriend . it was left to tony blair 's biographer john rentoul to let the cat out of the bag after reading the mirror story , when he tweeted : ' justine on clandestine ed . why has mirror not named the host of that dinner ? it was stephanie flanders . ' stephanie flanders ( pictured ) , a former girlfriend of mr miliband , hosted the dinner party where he first met his future wife . considering that she , at the time , was economics editor of bbc-tv 's flagship newsnight , rentoul added : ' could the secrecy have been because he was a treasury special adviser and stephanie flanders was a bbc economics journalist ? ' what 's more , there is another intriguing twist to this story of high politics and high economics . for two years ago , ed miliband ungallantly blurted out , during an interview with a celebrity magazine , that not only had he romanced stephanie but that his close labour colleague and shadow chancellor , ed balls , had had a relationship with her , too . miliband said : ' we did both date her but there was a long time apart between me and ed . stephanie and i do n't have any problems running into each other now . ' for her part , stephanie had no forewarning of miliband 's revelation and restricted her response to curtly dismissing her relationship with him as having been ' very brief and a very long time ago ' . however , her relationship with balls , a decade earlier , was more serious . they met in 1989 at harvard university , where they were both kennedy scholars after having graduated from oxford university . it was while they were working at the financial times as leader writers that their friendship blossomed into a serious relationship . the way these relationships intertwined also highlights the deeply incestuous and narrow world of the labour high command . for it was n't just miliband and balls , but others , too , who had close personal relationships . of course , balls is now married to fellow shadow cabinet minister yvette cooper . all four studied politics , philosophy and economics ( ppe ) at oxford university . cooper and flanders were tutorial partners and kennedy scholars at harvard . miliband also studied at harvard . cooper once shared a house with miliband ( who apparently had a few other girlfriends ) . and she met balls when they both worked at the ft . but back to ed miliband 's tangled love-life . for several years in the mid-1990s , when he was working as an adviser to the then-shadow chancellor gordon brown , he went out with fellow political aide , liz lloyd ( a cambridge graduate ) . she worked for a time for tony blair , who described her in his memoirs as ' an english rose , intellectually able and blue stocking or red stocking according to the occasion ' . in the summer of 1995 , she and miliband went on holiday to the south of france . they stayed in the family home of one of miliband 's first girlfriends , juliet soskice ( the daughter of an lse political economist and who went on to marry the late tycoon andrew rosenfeld , who gave £1 million to the labour party ) . at the time , juliet was dating the blairite journalist phil collins ( who went on to write speeches for blair ) . it was clearly a busman 's holiday , as much of the discussion among the group was about the national minimum wage which was a new labour policy . after breaking up with liz lloyd , mr miliband had a brief relationship with the journalist alice miles ( pictured ) . ' we discussed it like we were in a fabian society seminar , ' recalled collins . ' i remember being in the kitchen and listening to ed having a conversation about it in real detail . ' miliband 's relationship with lloyd continued when blair became pm . her job at no 10 meant she sat next to her lover 's elder brother david miliband , who was a key figure in the downing street policy unit . after breaking up with lloyd , ed miliband had a brief relationship with the journalist alice miles , who then worked for the times . ms miles , who some years later became a single parent , also had a fling with her then coke-snorting times colleague tom baldwin , who is now miliband 's chief spin doctor . what a deliciously small and privileged world ! one that is a million miles from the lives of millions of ordinary voters . and so back to red ed and justine . the next time they met after his questionable behaviour at his then girlfriend stephanie flanders ' dinner party was in the months leading up to him becoming an mp . later , she helped campaign for him in doncaster during the 2005 election by moving chairs around for a public meeting . no more mr nerd : justine 's interview in yesterday 's labour-supporting mirror . some months after , justine planned a holiday with a woman barrister friend , quincy whitaker , to libya to see the roman ruins . however , after it was booked , justine said she wanted to go , instead , with ed miliband . their relationship had consolidated further by the time miliband was appointed secretary of state for energy and climate change in the brown government . not only had their personal lives meshed , but their professional ones , too , as justine ( who was a member of the labour party ) had written a book on the environment . a few years later they had the first of their two children — and then decided to get married ( in may 2011 ) . this week , by happily putting the spotlight on her husband 's past love affairs , justine must be hoping that the result will be to portray him as a dashing romantic figure . however , many voters — particularly women — may see him in a less attractive light .