ian joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach , but survived the incident to make it home to gravesend . when mabel joll opened the front door to see her son ian she fainted , believing she must have seen a ghost . ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram telling her that her son , squadron leader joll , was ' missing believed killed' after he crash-landed his plane on a dutch beach during a strafing attack on a german aircraft in 1940 . however sq ldr joll had survived the crash and after trekking miles along a beach and persuading a ship to take him back to england , he had dropped in on his parents to say hello . his incredible story came to light as his medals - including the distinguished flying cross ( dfc ) - were put up for auction and his background was revealed . sq ldr joll had been involved in a strafing attack on german aircraft on may 10 , 1940 , when his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land his bristol blenheim light bomber . at an earlier briefing all crew had been told that under no circumstances should they allow the plane 's secret interception radar to fall into enemy hands . after several unsuccessful attempts to set his blenheim on fire , sq ldr joll decided the only thing to do was to shoot into the plane 's fuel tank . sq ldr joll and his gunner then trekked for miles where they met a dutch fisherman , who they persuaded to take them to england . their journey to england took place just 16 days before the start of the evacuation of 300,000 allied troops a few miles down the coast at dunkirk . the vessel docked in harwich , essex , and sq ldr joll travelled to his parents ' house in gravesend in kent . oliver pepys , of spinks auctioneers which is now selling sq ldr joll 's medals , said : ' his mother answered the door and promptly fainted . ' not ten minutes before she had received a telegram from the air ministry stating that they regretted to have to inform her pilot officer joll was missing believed killed . ' she must have thought she had opened the door to a ghost of her son . ' the authorities usually issued those telegrams fairly soon after a serviceman had gone missing and the tone of them was very much to fear the worst . ' quite often news would eventually filter back that the missing person was in a prisoner of war camp somewhere . ' but for a relative to receive that dreaded telegram and then literally 10 minutes later that person show up alive is quite remarkable . ' sq ldr joll later rejoined his squadron at manston . he served with 604 squadron throughout the battle of britain , flying under the command of newly appointed flight commander , john ' cat 's eyes ' cunningham . sq ldr joll 's medals ( left to right ) the distinguished flying cross , 1939-1945 star , with battle of britain bar , air crew europe star , defence and war medals and an air efficiency medal will be sold at auction . just a few months later in november 1940 he had his second near death experience . his blenheim aircraft iced up at 4,000ft and went into a spin . two crewmen bailed out leaving sq ldr joll to pull the plane out of the spin and land it safely . the squadron later upgraded to beaufighter planes and just a year later in may 1941 he survived a third close shave , when his aircraft was attacked by a german heinkel , seriously injuring his radar operator . sq ldr joll nursed his comrade and took the stricken beaufighter plane back to base . sq ldr joll went on to five ' kills ' , and was awarded the prestigious distinguished flying cross for service . in april 1942 joll was posted to 153 squadron , based at ballyhalbert where he helped the unit convert to use beaufighters . he later returned to his squad , 604 , and was promoted to flight commander . sq ldr joll went on to fly a beaufighter night fighter ( file pic ) and shot down several nazi planes . in november 1943 joll worked alongside lord louis mountbatten on planning the parachute landings for d-day and also helped develop the giant panjandrum - a huge cable-laying drum powered by rockets intended to destroy german mines on the normandy beaches . however this too almost ended in tragedy . sq ldr joll helped organise a demonstration of the pajandrum for top military officials only for the weapon to veer out of control and head straight towards the assembled generals , admirals and air marshals , prompting them to flee . an article in the london gazette , published in 1943 , said : ' he is an exceptionally keen and skilful leader , whose personal example has been reflected in the high morale of the flight he commands . in spite of trying experiences , his enthusiasm remains unabated . ' joll 's final posting was to new delhi , working for the directorate of combined operations . this time he was involved in the planning for the invasion of burma . after the war he married wife eileen who served as an ambulance driver during the second world war and was no stranger to dangerous situations herself . in 1941 she helped transport a new false leg that was dropped by arrangement over a luftwaffe base in france so it could be given to disabled flying legend douglas bader , who was being held prisoner . sq ldr joll died aged 57 in 1977 . his widow passed away last year aged and now his medals are being auctioned by spinks in london for an estimated £9,000 on april 23 . 