a school district has been ordered to pay $ 225,000 to three girls who were bullied into sending nude pictures to a boy at their middle school who ' passed them around like baseball cards ' . it marks the end of a six-year case , after the teenagers first reported their ordeal to officials at clatskanie middle school in oregon - only to be told to ' suck it up ' . josi harrison , laura lefebvre , and hailey walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . ordeal : laura lefebvre ( left ) and josi harrison ( right ) are two of three girls who have won a civil claim against their school district for failing to support them after being bullied into sending naked pictures to boyfriends . traumatic : hailey walden , now a straight-a student , left clatskanie middle school to escape the harrowing experience after the principal and local police chief said she would be charged for the distribution of photos . after sending one , they were blackmailed into sending more . however , when they sought help from the principal and clatskanie district police chief , they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography . on thursday , two years after filing a civil suit against clatskanie school district , a judge has ordered that each girl receive $ 75,000 in damages . all three girls have subsequently moved to new schools . speaking in december 2013 , hailey walden told katu : ' we had grown up with each other and he was always the popular cool guy that everyone wanted to date . i was 13 , i did n't know . i thought that if i sent him the picture he would think i 'm pretty and love me . ' in total , she sent him 30 pictures , which then swept the school . however , her mother billi leinonen told the station , principal jeff baughman and police chief marvin hoover ' chuckled ' when they brought the case to them . hoover , she says , started reading hailey her miranda rights and said she would be charged . though no charges were filed against hailey , she claims the meeting exacerbated her trauma . on thursday clatskanie school district , which encapsulates cmhs , was ordered to pay $ 225,000 to the girls . josi harrison and laura lefebvre reported similar conflicts with school officials . along with hailey , they filed a $ 2.5 million federal suit against the district in 2013 . the judge ordered a reduced payment on the grounds that the school has taken commendable steps to ensure the situation is not repeated . an attorney for one of the girls , amber lunsford , told oregon live : ' this suit was never about the money . it was about effecting change . ' she added : ' each of the girls accomplished what they wanted . ' reacting to the settlement on thursday , josi told fox 12 oregon : ' i feel like it made me have to fight battles i shouldn’t have to fight , especially at such a young age , but i feel it made me stronger . ' ' i just hope they realize this does happen to people and that we’re trying to make it known in school districts . '  