poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic easter eggs from their shelves over fears children may choke - because they look like cadbury mini eggs . trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations , as they were ' likely to contravene food imitation safety rules ' . the eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break . scroll down for video . poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic easter eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like cadbury mini eggs ( pictured is the poundland version ) . the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ' speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg ( cadbury mini eggs are pictured ) . the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ' speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg . steve playle , investigations and enforcement manager at buckinghamshire and surrey trading standards , said : ' these products could very easily be mistaken for cadbury mini eggs by young children and swallowed leading to dire consequences . a real cadbury mini egg ( left ) is seen against a decorative plastic egg from poundland . steve playle , investigations and enforcement manager at buckinghamshire and surrey trading standards , said : ' these products could very easily be mistaken for cadbury mini eggs by young children and swallowed leading to dire consequences ' ( poundland version pictured ) . ' they could be particularly difficult to remove if lodged in a child 's throat because they are made of polystyrene and could mould to the shape of their airway making them difficult to remove in an emergency . ' we welcome the actions of poundland in taking a potentially dangerous product off the shelves and would urge any parent who has already purchased a pack to keep it away from children . ' parents should also be wary of similar products being offered for sale over the easter period at other stores or online . ' 