stephanie scott was a ' favourite teacher ' to many students at leeton high school . local leeton parents have expressed anger over the loss of their children 's ' favourite teacher ' as the town continues to mourn the death of stephanie scott . a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their kids . ' well said , my daughter has lost her favourite teacher , and she will never be the same , ' wrote glenda goolagong . meanwhile jodie salerno posted : ' stephanie was my son and 2 daughters favourite teacher at leeton high this ... has put so much pain and sadness on our comunity [ sic ] . ' ms salerno told the australian her three children ' do n't want to return ' to school because they are so upset over ms scott 's death . this comes as police are due to begin an autopsy on stephanie scott 's body to determine how she was killed . ms scott 's remains have been transported to glebe morgue in sydney , and a nsw department of justice spokeswoman confirmed state coroner michael barnes has ordered that an autopsy be carried out this week . detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of stephanie scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer . school cleaner vincent stanford , who moved to leeton from holland over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with ms scott 's murder on thursday . the 26-year-old leeton high school teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their children . police were lead to the place where stephanie scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . her body was discovered on friday evening around 5pm in cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw . the high school where she worked turned into a memorial site after it emerged ms scott had been murdered . stephanie scott ( right ) , pictured with her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley , was last seen on easter sunday . nsw police will get in contact with their counterparts in the netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there , aap reports . stanford has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators . daily mail australia has contacted nsw police for comment . it has also emerged that one of the last actions of ms scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , confirming transportation for guests . the revelation follows after police discovered the charred remains of a woman 's body around 5pm on friday after they were directed to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw by stanford 's family . it 's further alleged a gasoline can had been found nearby . it is understood stanford was familiar to the area and went on regular camping trips to the national park on many occasions with his family . on saturday - the day which english and drama teacher ms scott was set to marry her fiance aaron leeson-woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . ms scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in canberra last month with her mother merrilyn . on saturday , the day ms scott was due to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley , a memorial was held . aaron leeson-woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . in a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . her father robert scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on saturday at mountford park in leeton . the 26-year-old was last seen on easter sunday , when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher . ' stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' mr scott said at his daughter 's memorial on saturday . ' our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ' i 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' ms scott 's grief-stricken fiance aaron leeson-woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life . a vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and english . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .