a senior aide to us senator kelly ayotte has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute , the senator 's office said . david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday , according to ayotte 's office . wihby has been the new hampshire republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff . ayotte also called wihby her longtime friend . david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday . he is a former longtime manchester city alderman . former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state department of labor . wihby also has an elected seat on the manchester school board , according to the boston globe . ' i am shocked and deeply saddened that david wihby , my state director and a friend for many years , has been arrested under these circumstances , ' ayotte said in a statement . here ayotte ( right ) and wihby ( center , back ) are pictured together on what appears to be a bus . ayotte said that wihby was her ' friend for many years ' . wihby ( right ) has been republican new hampshire senator kelly ayotte 's ( left ) state director for the last year . he also has an elected position on the manchester , new hampshire , school board . ayotte talks to reporters in 2014 as wihby ( fifth from left ) stands close by . ayotte said that wihby resigned because he ' obviously can not continue his duties ' . ' david obviously can not continue his duties , and i have accepted his resignation . this is a very difficult time , and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved , ' she added . nashua police reportedly arrested ten men between the ages of 24 and 62 years old over the course of the last week on charges of prostitution , according to wmur . all of them men were arrested at hotels after they responded to advertisements from women online . wihby was released on $ 2,000 personal recognizance and will be arraigned at the beginning of may . ayotte said she was ' shocked and deeply saddened ' by wihby 's arrest . he was one of ten men to be arrested in the last week by nashua police on charges of prostitution .