a little boy has undergone more than 50 operations to have his entire face painstakingly rebuilt . billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet . he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities – which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features . he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks . billy mitchell , seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition which causes malformations . the surgeries carried risks including meningitis , brain damage , catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death , but billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face . billy’s mother , denise mitchell , 47 , said she knew immediately something was wrong with her son when he was born . ‘ when i saw him i had an overwhelming sense of love . but he looked so ill and his skin appeared plastic and his head was misshapen , ’ she said . ‘ i also noticed his fingers and toes were sewn together . ’ it was then a doctor broke the news he suspected billy had apert syndrome , a genetic abnormality where the bone plates in the skull fuse too early in the womb so the skull is unable to grow normally . the condition is caused by a chromosomal defect . children with apert have bulging eyes that are usually wide-set and tilted down at the sides . they may also have problems with tooth alignment due to jaw development problems , suffer from a cleft palate , and may have webbed fingers and toes . after his birth , doctors feared billy would not last the night . the next day mr and mrs mitchell , who live in hertfordshire , were forced to have a heartbreaking conversation with doctors about turning off his life support machine . specialists feared billy 's nose was totally blocked with misformed and premature fused bone , blocking his airway . billy , pictured with his twin sister lois , has undergone more than 50 operations to have his face rebuilt . but miraculously , billy held on , and in the morning he was transferred to a specialist children’s hospital where he had thin , metal tubes called stents inserted into his nose to help him breathe . he remained in a critical condition , surrounded by tubes and machines . finally , when he was a month old , mr and mrs mitchell were able to take him home to join his twin sister lois and older sister darcy , then five . but he often stopped breathing in the night , and at 10 weeks old mrs mitchell heard him crying . apert syndrome is a genetic craniofacial abnormality that occurs in around one in 160,000 to 200,000 births . the condition is characterised by malformations of the skull , mid-face , hands and feet . the skull is prematurely fused and unable to grow normally . the mid-face - the area from the middle of the eye socket to the upper jaw - appears sunken . some children with the condition have fused fingers and toes . early surgery can relieve the pressure that builds up inside the fused skull as the brain grows . and operations can be carried out to re-model a child 's face . she noticed that his left eyelid had been pulled behind his eyeball , causing his eye to pop out . after rushing to a doctor , he ended up having his lid sewn shut for a week . children with apert syndrome have very small eye orbits , meaning more of their eyeball is exposed . billy 's eye orbits were so shallow , especially the left , that his eye regularly popped out of its socket . doctors advised billy have his eyelid sewn together after he developed a corneal ulcer . just six weeks later , he needed a major operation to relieve pressure on his brain , save his sight and reshape his whole head . known as a ‘ front orbital advancement’ , surgeons opened his skull , detached it , remodelled his forehead and pieced it together again like a jigsaw . they also inserted two pins – each three inches long – into his head . for six months , the pins were turned twice a day to create more room inside his head to relieve pressure on his brain . billy now needs 24-hour care , which has put a strain on family life . mrs mitchell said : ‘ luckily paul and i had a strong relationship and we talked to each other about how we felt . ‘ but darcy was still young and had to grow up fast . when billy was four months old he underwent a major operation to relieve pressure on his brain , save his sight and reshape his whole head . his fingers were also fused together leaving him struggling to clasp things properly . when he was 17 months old surgeons operated on him to separate billy 's fingers and toes down to the first knuckle . ‘ and as for lois , every time billy was admitted to hospital , she’d look around wondering where he was . ‘ but she was thriving , passing all the usual milestones . ‘ it was also clear she had a special bond with billy . sometimes they’d snuggle up together . ‘ when she learnt to sit up we propped billy up with cushions and they’d spend ages playing together . and when lois became mobile she’d fetch billy his favourite toys . ’ billy’s fingers were fused together – known as ‘ mitten hands’ – and so he struggled to clasp things properly . but when he was 17 months old a surgeon at leeds general hospital agreed to operate on them . during a nine hour operation , involving bone and skin grafts , he separated billy’s fingers down to the first knuckle and did the same with his toes . in a second operation he finished the process , separating them fully . mrs mitchell said : ‘ billy had all four limbs in a cast for seven weeks but the results afterwards were amazing . ‘ he grew in confidence overnight and a couple of weeks later learnt to sit up by himself . ‘ bright as a button he’d would watch lois intently and began to copy her . as a family we were astounded by his progress . so too were the doctors . ’ but the outside world was less understanding , and mrs mitchell said people would whisper whenever she took billy out in his pram . ‘ walking down the street one day i heard one woman say to her friend : `` god he looks awful '' . earlier this year billy had another major operation which left him with a frame fitted to his face for nine weeks . ‘ i was so upset i went straight home . ‘ another time when the twins were two and a half we were stood in the queue to see santa when darcy noticed some children pointing at billy . ‘ she told them not to do it because it was rude . afterwards i overheard their mother saying : `` well she shouldn’t bring him out should she . '' ‘ if only they knew what billy was going through . ’ but determined not to wrap their child in cotton wool , mr and mrs mitchell sent billy to nursery and he went to exactly the same school as his twin sister lois . despite his difficulties he has turned into a typical little boy , obsessed with cars , reading books , and enjoying playing fancy dress with his sister . since his most recent surgery , billy loves his new face , his mother denise said . ‘ he loved life and was determined to join in with everything , ’ mrs mitchell says . in the summer of 2012 he underwent more major surgery . during a nine-hour operation surgeons took the left hand side of his skull off to remodel it and put it back with titanium springs to allow for more growth . his condition also left him with a distorted face and his eyes were becoming more and more exposed due to shallow eye sockets and breathing was a struggle . so earlier this year he also underwent high risk mid-face surgery , where his face was literally taken apart , reshaped and put back together again to create more room . his head was cut from ear to ear and his face cut vertically , with the skin being pulled down , exposing all of the bones of his face and jaw . his forehead , eye orbits , nose and top jaw were taken apart , reshaped and put back together with a red frame attached through a series of wires and bolts . the frame was left in place for nine weeks to encourage the bone to grow , as well as pull the existing facial bones forward . the bones were moved forward a millimeter a day by turning the screws on the frame , a process which allows new bone to grow and then to consolidate . mrs mitchell said : ‘ so far he’s endured more than 50 general aesthetics and has been through so much . ‘ but since his recent surgery he loves his news face . when he saw it for the first time without the frame i think he would have done cartwheels if he could . ‘ it was a massive boost to his confidence . ‘ and now , a few months on , he doesn’t even associate himself as having apert syndrome . ‘ but what’s incredible is the way he’s taken everything in his stride . we can’t thank all the doctors and nurses enough who’ve looked after him . '