a 27-year-old woman fell 500 feet to her death while hiking an off-limits trail famed for its breath-taking vistas in oahu , hawaii , friday . darlene feliciano , a manager at a honolulu walmart , was out on the makapuu 'tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell . firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm friday . about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers . scroll down for video . nature lover : darlene feliciano , 27 , passed away from her injuries friday after she plummeted from a hiking trail in oahu , hawaii . adventurous : the 27-year-old ( left and right ) worked as a manager at a honolulu walmart . in her spare time , she enjoyed going on hikes in hawaii 's great outdoors . treacherous terrain : feliciano was out on the makapuu 'tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway friday afternoon when she slipped and fell . picturesque : feliciano was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka ( pictured ) . the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm . her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries . miss feliciano’s friends and co-workers at the keeaumoku street walmart , where she worked as a zone merchandise supervisor , said she was a dedicated employee who loved going on hikes in her free time , reported hawaii news now . walmart pharmacy employee chad galario tells the honolulu star-advertiser employees learned of feliciano 's death friday and there were ‘ a lot of tears and a lot of silence . ’ tragic loss : the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead . hard worker : feliciano 's co-workers at walmart remembered her as a dedicated store employee . friends and family have been leaving flowers and balloons at a makeshift memorial dedicated to the vivacious nature lover . meanwhile , feliciano’s loved ones have launched a gofundme campaign hoping to raise $ 5,000 to help cover her final expenses . the 27-year-old woman , a 2005 graduate of mckinley high school , is survived by her brother , darryl . heartbroken : feliciano is survived by her beloved brother , darryl ( left ) .