there were a lot of potential managers in the arsenal team that patrick vieira captained but he , more than anybody , looked destined to be a top boss . his star quality was obvious from the start . if manchester city do end up sacking manuel pellegrini then there is already one man at the club who would happily take over , if asked . patrick wants to be a manager . he is intelligent , well-balanced and has a burning desire to win . he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act . patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium . city manager pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer . ( l-r ) sergio aguero , yaya toure and james milner look dejected during the 4-2 manchester derby defeat . he will feel slightly uncomfortable being linked to the top job . not because he doesn’t want it but because pellegrini is still in charge . patrick has always been respectful . i met him for a tour of city’s new training ground recently and the respect he commands at that club is incredible . he has an aura about him — when he enters a room , people pay attention . at arsenal , tony adams was a very visual captain on the pitch but behind the scenes patrick always had plenty to say . sportsmail columnist martin keown ( right ) recently met his former team-mate at city 's new training ground . vieira was a captain who led by example during the pair 's time together at highbury . the world cup winning frenchman finished his playing career at manchester city . read sportsmail 's verdict on the manchester derby between united and city . when he took over as captain he would hold team meetings without arsene wenger and was never afraid to speak his mind . he is not afraid to take on big personalities — that’s because personalities don’t come much bigger than patrick’s . he did not shout and scream — he was always calm and spoke with real authority . he never wanted to make rash decisions and is such a solid , reliable character . that’s why he will make a fantastic manager one day . from the first day i met him at arsenal , patrick has remained respectful and likeable . nothing has changed . he is a model professional but he has the personality and presence to take charge in a dressing-room full of big egos . that’s exactly what city need . he has worked with some of the best managers in the business — arsene wenger , fabio capello , roberto mancini and jose mourinho . there’s no doubt he will have been studying those men to see how they operate so he can absorb their wisdom and use it to his advantage . but patrick won’t just try to emulate them , he is very much his own man . vieira has learned from top managers including jose mourinho , fabio capello and arsene wenger ( above ) . pep guardiola stepped up from coaching barcelona reserves to become the youngest manager to win the champions league . city did well to identify his talents and get him involved with the youth set-up . but he has not been killing time with the under 21s . everything he does is with an eye on one day becoming a manager . moving from the youth team to a senior side expected to win the title is a big step but pep guardiola made the same leap at barcelona . it can be done . it would be a huge challenge and one that patrick would relish . it may be that he has to go elsewhere to perfect his craft before returning to city . either way , vieira has all the tools needed to succeed in the hot seat . 