chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment . a tory parliamentary candidate has sparked outrage after claiming mental health patients should wear coloured wristbands to flag up their conditions . chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the startling suggestion . she said wearing wristbands indicating a person 's condition would help doctors , lawyers and police officers – because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves . ms fernando , a barrister for 12 years , said : ' police , social services or hospitals dealing with people with conditions that affect their ability to communicate can decide they are being obstructive or evasive . ' they do not realise the person may have a mental health or other condition . the way they behave often affects the way they are treated . ' carrying some kind of identification shows they have a particular condition so allowances can be made . ' there are also different ways of doing this without stigmatising the person , such as carrying a card with details of the condition but in some cases by wearing a coloured wristband . ' ms fernando 's ' shocking ' suggestion was slammed by the deputy prime minister nick clegg today . mr clegg told mailonline : ' the liberal democrats have spent many years campaigning for an end to the stigma around mental health . ' silly ideas like making people suffering from mental health issues wear wristbands would only increase the discrimination and stigma around mental health , rather than end it . ' mr clegg told mailonline : ' the liberal democrats have spent many years campaigning for an end to the stigma around mental health ' . miriam gonzalez durantez ( right ) , the wife of liberal democrats leader nick clegg , joined the party 's candidate for hazel grove , in stockport , lisa smart ( left ) . julian huppert , the lib dem candidate and cambridge mp , said : ' i was really shocked at the suggestion that people with mental health problems should be expected to wear wristbands to identify themselves . ' mr huppert said : ' i have fought hard for many years against the stigma people with mental health problems face . there is already far too much discrimination against mental health throughout our society , and a wristband saying ' i am depressed ' is not going to help . ' we need to massively improve mental health support , which has been not good enough for many decades . i hope chamali regrets her comments and will think carefully about her attitude to mental illness in the future . ' political blogger richard taylor reported ms fernando 's comments at last night 's hustings . the conservative candidate insisted her remarks were ' distorted ' , adding : ' it was not that they should wear a wristband . that would be draconian ' . ms fernando has insisted that her comments were ' taken out of context ' . she said : ' the question that was asked is how authorities , such as the police , could better deal with mental health issues . ' at cambridge national autistic hustings the chairman of cnas said he carries a green card in his wallet to identify his condition . ' there are people who have come into contact with the police and due to an underlying mental health condition are unable to communicate their condition . ' it was not that they should wear a wristband . that would be draconian . ' 