meet allie davis , a woman so obsessed with beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer , along with questions about other pop stars , in order to stay with her . yesterday , allie , 21 , based in minneapolis , delivered her beau the ten-question document , which she dubbed ' the official allie davis relationship test ' , and informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent ' to stay in the relationship ' . she posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent , for diligently answering questions mainly about beyonce 's songs . prove it : allie davis , 21 , ( pictured ) is so obsessed with beyonce that yesterday she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her . passed : she posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter ( pictured ) , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent . after a series of questions about beyonce 's songs , and those of other artists , allie demands : ' briefly explain the solange knowles elevator incident . who was involved ? ' allie 's very obedient boyfriend scrawled in response : ' a billion dollars , and jay z got punched . ' this question referred to last year 's legendary family fracas at new york 's met gala , when beyonce 's sister solange knowles viciously attacked beyonce 's husband jay z following a heated row . beyonce , 33 , later mysteriously sang in her flawless remix with fellow songstress nicki minaj : ' of course sometimes s**t goes down when there’s a billion dollars on an elevator . ' after a series of questions about beyonce 's songs , and those of other artists , allie demands , ' briefly explain the solange knowles elevator incident . who was involved ? ' allie also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars , one direction included . allie 's twitter bio reads ' i met beyonce [ left ] at top shop and life will never be the same ' , and the young blonde also appears to be quite the fan of one direction 's harry styles ( right ) . allie - whose twitter bio reads ' i met beyonce at top shop and life will never be the same ' - also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars , one direction included . asked to list the first names of three members of the british boy band , allie 's boyfriend incorrectly answered with ' harry ' and ' zack ' - to which allie wrote on the sheet of paper : ' wtf no . ' he did manage to get the last question on the exam right , however , by correctly identifying that ' no ' , harry styles should not cut his hair . allie , whose twitter handle is ' yonce ' , later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000+ followers for them to partake themselves , ' to make sure that they 're in the right relationship . ' sharing is caring : allie , whose twitter handle is ' yonce ' , later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000+ followers for them to partake themselves ( pictured ) , ' to make sure that they 're in the right relationship ' . at least one commentator took the stunt very seriously , writing on buzzfeed : ' dump her ass ... this is a huge warning sign . [ do n't ] put up with this kind of deluded psycho act . ' allie then explained in her defence : ' it literally took five minutes to write and i did it because i was bored and i like to mess with my boyfriend . ' she later added : ' when some people call you nuts and psychotic because of a funny beyonce joke # lightenup ' .