police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a woman charged with bestiality after police found footage on her mobile phone of her allegedly having sex with a dog . jenna louise driscoll , 25 , was due to face brisbane magistrates court on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog . jenna louise driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug . she was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week , and did not show , and again on monday for the matters to he heard . after her second fail to appear , police issued an arrest warrant . jenna louise driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding . the 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last october and was remanded to appear in court on april 13 , but failed to show prompting police to issue a warrant . police were carrying out checks on driscoll 's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog . driscoll was due to appear at brisbane magistrates court on monday but did n't show up and is now wanted by police on seven drug charges , one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog . following her court appearance last october , the 25-year-old was pictured arriving home accompanied by an unidentified man and a pet dog . the dog , believed to be a pitbull terrier , climbed the stairs to driscoll 's cream coloured residence , where neighbours say she has lived for some time . driscoll entered her house and remained for a very short amount of time , before leaving with the man in the sedan . the charges laid against driscoll came when police had earlier carried out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking and discovered the three videos . ‘ this isn’t something you’d normally expect , it’s quite unusual . the last case i can recall was a few years ago , it certainly isn’t something we hear reported often , ' said mark townend , ceo of rspca queensland . ‘ under the animal care protection act bestiality isn’t included . to take action and remove the dog we would have to prove actions there were cruel or that it was tormented . ’ ‘ the rspca would ideally like to get a dog out of the situation if bestiality was happening , but to operate under the act we would have to prove those two things . ’ ‘we’d try to do everything we can to help the dog if that is the case . ’ driscoll was also charged with two counts of possession of an item used in the commission of a crime and three counts of supplying . she was granted bail but will have to report to police once a week and live at an apartment at enoggera , south-west of brisbane . police prosecutor sergeant scott pearson said driscoll had allegedly been dealing cannabis to friends . text messages showed that driscoll had arranged for 113 grams of the drug to be sold for $ 1,150 and on another occasion 85 grams for $ 900 , according to sgt pearson . it was when police were investigating the text messages they located the videos of driscoll allegedly having sex with the dog .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .