when it comes to pulling out wobbly teeth , some people may reach for the pliers , while others might go for the tried and tested door handle trick . however , professional wrestler robert abercrombie - known as rob venomous in the ring - took a different approach when he tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car . a video mr abercrombie posted online shows him revving up the engine of his red chevrolet camero before powering forward , pulling his son 's front tooth clean out . professional wrestler robert abercrombie , who goes by the name of rob venomous , uploaded this video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son 's wobbly tooth with a chevy muscle car . according to posts on mr abercrombie 's facebook page , his son james had been asking him for days to perform the diy removal before he gave in . after the car stops , james , eight , can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his other teeth , saying excitedly : ' it came out ! ' according to posts on his facebook page , james had been asking mr abercrombie for several days to extract the tooth using his car before he finally relented . mr abercrombie 's fiancee bianca huertas , to whom he has been engaged since 2010 , seems to have been less keen on the idea , but eventually gave in , saying : ' boys will be boys ' . in the footage mr abercrombie can be seen climbing into his camero before revving up the engine and lurching forward , pulling james 's tooth clean out . at the end of the video the boy can be seen running up to the camera showing off his toothy , if slightly bloodstained , grin - exclaiming ' it came out ! ' since it was first posted four days ago , the video has gone viral , attracting more than 3million views and has been reposted across the globe . this is not the first time a car has been used to pull out a child 's tooth , after another youngster in utah used his remote control monster truck to remove the wobbly incisor . the boy , known as striker stanger , from harrisville , is seen sitting in the hallway of his home with a piece of string attached to the miniature truck , and the other end to his tooth . the video is believed to have been shot by bianca fuertas ( left ) , mr abercrombie 's fiancee to whom he has been engaged since 2010 . he is pictured right with his eldest son james , who features in the video . asked by his mother what his is trying to do , he says : ' i 'm going to take this remote , the truck 's going to go all the way forward to dad . . . and i 'm going to see if i can pull my tooth out . ' he then presses forward on the remote control , and to his surprise , the truck manages to dislodge his tooth . ' oh my gosh , it did it ! ' he exclaims before running towards the camera to show off his new grin . it is not the first time a child has been shown using a car to pull a loose tooth out - although on this previous occasion it was only a remote controlled monster truck . striker stanger , from utah , uploaded this video to youtube which shows him using his toy truck to free one of his front teeth .