this is the stomach-churning moment a pit crew worker is tossed into the air like a rag doll as he 's hit by an out-of-control racing car . surveillance footage shows 40-year-old todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday 's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana . as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay . amazingly phillips of franklin , wisconsin , only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches . it was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . dracone spun while exiting his put box , clipping phillips ' leg . phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he was swiftly given the all-clear . he told the indianapolis star that in almost 20 years of being on the track he had never been hit by a race car before . caught on camera : surveillance footage shows 40-year-old todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday 's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana . acrobatic : as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay . clipped : the rear end of the car made contact with the pit crew worker sweeping his legs from underneath him - amazingly phillips of wisconsin only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches . luckily , phillips ' helmet helped protect him from head injury as he was slammed against the pit wall . after taking a couple of weeks out , he hopes to be ready to return his car-servicing duties for the indycar race in birmingham , alabama , on april 26 . many cars struggled with traction during the louisiana grand prix after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag . dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd . the 17-race indycar season will conclude on august 30 at the sonoma raceway in california - one week before the labor day weekend holiday . freak accident : phillips ( pictured above ) said that in almost 20 years of being on the track he had never been hit by a race car before .