the first ever mixed race miss japan has lifted the lid on some of the horrific racial abuse she has faced on her way to the top . ariana miyamoto says it was often punishing growing up as the only black girl in her class in the port town of sasebo near nagasaki , where the us has a naval base and where her african-american father met her japanese mother . the 20-year-old was born and raised in japan , speaks fluent japanese , and was last month chosen to represent her country in the miss universe pageant . scroll down for video . ariana miyamoto , 20 , was crowned miss japan last month , but has faced horrific racial abuse growing up . ariana with her father bryant stanfield and a step sibling ( left ) . as a youngster ( right ) she grew up in japan . some critics of ariana 's win have complained she is a mixed race ' hafu ' and not japanese enough . but the beauty queen had to use her first television appearance after her selection to apologetically explain to reporters that while she does n't ' look japanese ' on the outside , on the inside there are ' many japanese things about her ' . many in the country have expressed hostility to ariana 's title win as they expected the award to go to a ' pure ' japanese woman and not a ' hafu ' , meaning half japanese , which has echoes of the discredited term 'half-caste ' . ' is it okay to choose a hafu to represent japan ? ' one commenter typically wrote online after ariana 's win . speaking about her childhood in an interview with mailonline ariana , who goes by her mother 's maiden name , said : ' there was pretty much a spasmodic vomit of racial abuse heaped upon me . ' i was called a n****r by some of my peers . some of them threw trash and even a blackboard duster at me . ' i 'm japanese through and through , but in japan if you look `` foreign '' you are often not accepted as japanese . but i am japanese - 100 percent . ' skin colour bears no relationship to what a person is . it 's just one of the differences like wearing blue clothes or wearing red clothes . ' ' i have no objections against the word ' hafu ' and i accept myself as being hafu . ' with so little multi-culturalism in japan the term is somehow understandable , although it has made me wonder who i am at times . ' ariana has been inspired by american singer mariah carey 's struggle to get to the top as a mixed race artist , exemplified in her film glitter , in which she plays a young singer battling discrimination to make it to the top . ariana with her mother . she says she is ' japanese through and through . i am japanese - 100 percent ' . ariana will represent japan at miss universe having fought her way to the top despite racial prejudice . the beauty queen grew up in sasebo near nagasaki but spent two years with her dad in the us as a teenager . from his home in jacksonville , arkansas , ariana 's father bryant stanfield , 43 , said his face hurt from non-stop smiling since his daughter scooped the miss japan award from a line up of more ' typical ' looking japanese women earlier this month . but he admits he 's been dismayed by some of the racist comments her win has generated in japan . ' just get to know her . just do n't attack her . she will represent japan very well , ' he told mailonline . ' she 's told me all about the bullying and how kids used to treat her ; how they hated her ( wavy ) hair ; threw things at her ; even threw trash at her . ' all pretty despicable stuff . but i always told her , and her mom said too , ' you got ta be tough ' . ' divided from the asian and russian land masses by fierce currents , many japanese have long believed in a myth of racial purity , although the islands ' inhabitants are a result of a hodge-podge of different migrations mainly from korea , china and the south seas . the only ' native japanese ' are the caucasian-looking ainu people , pushed to near-extinction to japan 's northernmost reaches . today , those perceived of belonging outside the mythical japanese race are regularly discriminated against leading to a type of apartheid , particularly when it comes to renting housing . a recent ruling by japan 's ministry of justice in kyoto declared that a ' no foreigners allowed ' rule by landlords is not in fact discriminatory , thus cementing some of the institutional and casual racism non-japanese face in contemporary japan . the japanese like to think of their society and culture is unique according to theodore bestor , a professor of anthropology and japanese studies at harvard university which , in a study , put korea and japan at the top of racially homogeneous countries , largely unwilling to accept an influx of foreigners . miss japan has said there was ' pretty much a spasmodic vomit of racial abuse heaped upon me ' growing up . ariana with her japanese mother and a male friend . she claims she was called a 'n****r ' by her peers . the miss universe hopeful with a step sibling . her father says she is ' proud of both ' her heritages . ' one of the ways in which japanese think of their own society as ' unique ' is to emphasise the homogeneity of japanese society and indeed by lots of comparisons , japan is certainly a much more homogeneous society than say the united states , ' bestor told columbia university 's asian topics . ' and , it 's often said by japanese that they are ethnically homogeneous , that there are no real foreign populations in japan . ' the election of a mixed race japan is a first for one of the world 's most ethnically homogeneous states . the election of a black miss japan might be a step away from that misconception and mr stanfield agrees that the choice of his daughter represents some kind of progression in japan . conversely , he feels his dark-skinned daughter would fair better in today 's america despite some recent headlines created by racial strife in ferguson . ' it 's different in america . her being what and who she is ; there is not a second thought , ' he said . in reaction to the racist carping on japan 's social networks since her crowning , he believes some of the received wisdom about ' japaneseness ' might be at fault . ' some people , for a lack of a better word , some people are ignorant . i 'm not saying that the whole of japan is ignorant but there some people who just do n't know , ' he said , adding that in his three years in japan he personally had never experienced any racism . it was an encouraging sign that the japanese judges picked a mixed race miss japan , he agreed , showing the progressive aspects of a country that still has the death penalty and where one tourism minister described his own 'one-race ' countrymen as ' not keen ' on immigration or foreigners . in contrast , mr stanfield said , in terms of race relations the us is a much more rosy place than it once was . ' things are changing here , ' he said , and agreed that the spread of more liberal attitudes towards gay marriage was just one example of how american is more enlightened and ' changing for the better . ' ' its not a rapid change but slowly but surely it 's coming around . ' ' i have to say what my daughter went through in japan she would not have experienced in the us . there are always some people here who do n't like you because of the way you look or because you are different so i 'm proud of her sticking it out in japan and doing what she did - becoming miss japan . ' as a young man , miss japan 's father 's life reads like that of the american lead in madame butterfly , where a handsome naval officer falls in love with a japanese geisha before finally leaving japan and his japanese bride and their daughter behind . he met ariana 's japanese mother while on duty in the us navy at nagasaki in the 90s . ' we moved stateside for a little while but her mother actually wanted ariana to be born in japan , ' he said . ariana 's father bryant stanfield , 43 , says people in japen will ' never be as proud of her as i am ' . ' after that my duties meant i could n't be in japan for any length of time and slowly her mother and i drifted apart . there 's no bad history . her mother and i just went our separate ways . ' not until ariana was a teenager did she renew her bond with her father . after mr stanfield remarried and had three more children , they were joined by ariana more permanently three years ago when ariana stayed in arkansas for two years to learn english and attend us high school . english is not widely spoken in japan despite herculean education efforts to teach it . after returning from the us , ariana started a career in modelling in japan . it is a pastime often considered too ' showbiz ' by a traditionally-minded country , and one where beautiful half-japanese ' hafu ' offspring dominate . ariana 's father is in little doubt she is proud of both heritages . ' she 's fully aware of who she is and she 's fully aware of where she comes from . ' she 's aware of both sides - the black side and the japanese side , ' he said . ' she just wants everyone to get along and accept one another for what they are not because of the colour of their skin , but for who they are as a person . ' please tell japan to just accept her , and just be be proud of her . though i know they will never be as proud of her as i am . ' 