a transgender comedian is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label modcloth , in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles . rye silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed ' gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years , and often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company 's style gallery , an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes . it was through these images that rye caught the eye of the label 's executives , who were quick to contact her about starring as one of modcloth 's monthly fashion truth campaign stars , a group of individuals who help the brand to get across the message that fashion is for everyone , no matter what their size , shape or gender . fashion star : comedian rye silverman ( pictured ) is the newest star of modcloth 's fashion truth campaign . dressed to impress : the 32-year-old los angeles resident has long-been a fan of the brand 's clothing collection , and frequently posts images of herself on the modcloth open fashion forum . ' five years ago today , i came out of the closet , ' rye explained on the modcloth website . ' today , these are the clothes that came out of my closet . ' i try to have new adventures or do things that scare me . that’s what my cross-country moves [ from ohio to new york to la ] were about , and in a big way , my coming out as transgender . 'i’d started getting real open and honest onstage in my act , and one day i realized i couldn’t really be honest if i was living a lie . so i guess that’s what the most important thing is to me , living an honest , real life and not holding back . ' i waited years for someone to come along and tell me that it was okay to be myself before i finally realized that someone was me . that’s what fashion is all about for me - taking how you feel and using your style as an expression of that . ' while speaking to the brand about the campaign , rye explained how society 's attitude toward her has changed since she made the decision to come out as a transgender , noting that many people feel that they are entitled to question her motives for doing so . breaking out : rye , who came out as a transgender when she was 27 , says that ' living an honest life ' is the most important thing to her . personal style : one of rye 's favorite items from the modcloth range is the mewseum visit dress ( l ) , but she admits she enjoys experimenting with her style . ' i think the downright most rude thing is when people flat out just ask me about my plans for transitioning , usually some variation on if i intend to have surgery or not , which is an extremely personal question if you break it down . it’s basically “ so what’s up with your junk ? ” ' she explained . 'it’s also an issue because it puts an emphasis on specific treatments as being indicative of if someone is or isn’t `` really '' trans . that can be a really dangerous attitude to run into for someone who’s just coming to terms with themselves or on the cusp of coming out . ' when it comes to her sense of style , rye admits that she loves experimenting with different ensembles and trends . ' [ my sense of style ] evolves over time but i think right now my best way of describing it is a bit of a quirky or edgy twist on vintage , ' she explained . ' i love rockabilly-type stuff or circle skirts that have interesting prints on them . ' the two garments i currently get the most positive responses to are my mewseum visit dress from modcloth and my pacman-themed circle skirt . i’ve noticed in the last year or so more and more of my skirts and dresses have fun prints . but when i’m kind of just looking for a more relaxed , chill look i shift into a more 90s vibe . ' polka dot : rye was chosen to feature in the campaign by modcloth 's co-creator susan koger . call for change : modcloth 's fashion truth campaign hopes to prove that fashion is accessible to everyone , no matter their shape , size , gender or style . in honor of her starring role in the campaign , and her ongoing love of fashion , modcloth has actually named a dress from its range after rye , the aptly-named all about rye dress . modcloth 's fashion truth campaign was first launched back in september , pledging at the time that the company would endeavor to feature diverse , real life models , and offer a variety of clothing sizes and styles . earlier this year , the brand used a group of its own employees as models for its most recent swimwear campaign , with the aim of proving that its styles were fit for real people of all shapes and sizes . ' the real hope around this is that we are putting the idea in everyone 's heads that every size and shape and body , every single person - every woman - is just beautiful , ' modcloth employee-turned-model christen diclaudio said of the campaign at the time . ' and as long as she is trying to be the best version of herself , which we say a lot here at modcloth , that 's perfect . we hope that this is eventually the regular mindset in our society : that the best version of yourself is the best version there is . '