saturday 's game is absolutely huge for both teams . win and arsenal go second to put huge pressure on manchester city . lose and liverpool will be nine points behind arsene wenger’s side . it’s a vital match and here’s where the game can be won and lost . olivier giroud v kolo toure/mamadou sakho . with no martin skrtel , olivier giroud will be licking his lips . kolo toure and mamadou sakho are both solid enough but they are nervous in possession and they will miss the experience and physicality of skrtel . if dejan lovren is fit , i expect him to play , but if not , don’t be surprised if giroud gets on the scoresheet . the frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was does he score enough in the big games ? so far in this campaign , he has scored against manchester united , city and liverpool . he will want to continue that run on saturday . martin skrtel ( centre ) misses the trip to arsenal after getting a three-game ban for stamping on david de gea . kolo toure ( centre ) and mamadou sakho ( right ) are in contention to replace skrtel for saturday 's clash . whichever defender plays , they are in for a tough afternoon against in-form arsenal striker olivier giroud . per mertesacker v daniel sturridge . i’ve lost count of the number of times i have covered arsenal games and wondered how per mertesacker does it . it always amazes me that teams don’t try and get pacey players in and around him more often . he’s never been blessed with speed and playing a high line can cause him problems , but he has a world cup medal to his name , so he must be doing something right . his partner laurent koscielny is much more mobile , so a fit-again daniel sturridge as well as raheem sterling and philippe coutinho will hope to exploit mertesacker’s side of the defence . germany world cup-winner per mertesacker ( right ) is expected line-up in defence for arsenal . however , mertesacker 's lack of pace could be exposed if daniel sturridge ( right ) is fit to start for liverpool . aaron ramsey vs jordan henderson . this time last year if you asked people who they would rather have in their team , it would be aaron ramsey all day long . but jordan henderson has come so far it is now a 50-50 call . these are the midfield marathon men and whoever wins this battle in the engine room should end up on the winning side . ramsey can grab a goal , and liverpool will have to watch his runs into the box , but henderson will press hard and make sure ramsey and the likes of mesut ozil and santi cazorla have no room to breathe . arsenal 's aaron ramsey ( left ) midfield battle with liverpool 's jordan henderson should prove a close affair .