sheriffs are hunting a gunman who shot a young woman through the neck as she was driving down a colorado interstate , amid fears he may have tried to attack other drivers too . the unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the i-25 in weld county , north of denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . in a chilling 911 call from around 11pm wednesday night , she told operators : ' i 'm on the highway right now and somebody just hit me and i 'm bleeding from my neck and i 'm scared . ' i do n't know if they hit me or if they threw something out the window ... my neck hurts . i think there 's glass in my neck . ' scroll down for video . highway shooting : a bullet passed clean through a woman 's neck after she was shot at by an unknown gunman driving down the i-25 highway north of denver , colorado . she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels . she is expected to recover , according to 7news denver . the woman , from the nearby town of milliken , said that she had seen a dark suv just before her window shattered and she felt the gunshot wound . deputies from the weld county sheriff 's office have said that the shooting may be linked to other unexplained reports of shattered windows on highways in northern colorado . hours before the woman was shot , a man 's rear window was shattered as he drove on the nearby i-76 after he heard a ' pop ' sound which could have been gunfire . the previous day a prison van transporting inmates along the i-25 had its window shattered by an unidentified ' projectile ' , the coloradoan reported . another incident came on thursday , when a man 's driver-side window shattered as he drove down a nearby county road during the daytime . nobody was injured in any of the other incidents . larimer county sheriff justin smith said drivers should be aware and report suspicious behavior as deputies investigate . ' there 's a lot more leg work that needs to be done on this case , ' smith said . ' it 's hard because at this point we have no indication that this person was targeted by a person looking for her . ' deputies were yesterday pictured investigating an abandoned black suv on i-25 , which had shattered rear windows . it is not clear whether this was the vehicle the woman had seen .