britain 's biggest banks earmarked billions of pounds for ' remediation costs ' and fines over the last three years . britain 's biggest banks have racked up a £39billion bill in just three years to pay for their financial scandals . ‘ remediation costs’ wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014 , according to accountants kpmg . the bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal , with banks setting aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers . another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets . the total charge for wrongdoing last year – £9.9billion – was only 8 per cent less than the previous year . describing it as a ‘ problem that won’t go away’ , kpmg said banks also face mounting costs from employing an army of compliance staff to keep them out of trouble . rbs is thought to be facing a multibillion-pound settlement in the us for mis-selling toxic bundles of mortgage debt – known as mortgage-backed securities – in the run up to the financial crisis . barclays is also braced for a huge fine for rigging foreign exchange rates , having put aside £1.25billion so far to cover the bill . but the uk’s strengthening economy has driven a 72 per cent drop in losses from bad loans , with write-offs falling to £5.2billion last year . rbs was boosted by £1.4billion after not as many loans went sour as it had feared . this compares with an £8.1billion charge in 2013 . so-called ‘ impairment charges’ at lloyds fell £2billion to £752million as the improving economy meant fewer retail customers and businesses defaulted on their repayments . scroll down for video . this translated into a surge in the bottom line , with lloyds posting a £1.8billion profit , up from £415million in 2013 . rbs’s losses narrowed to £3.5billion last year from £8.2billion in 2013 . barclays , hsbc and standard chartered all saw profits fall . kpmg said banks must ‘ urgently tackle’ their low return on equity – a key measure of shareholder value – and need to invest in technology to increase their profits . tougher regulations forcing them to hold more capital have made it more expensive for them to do business , especially in higher-risk areas . banks including rbs and barclays have responded by shrinking their investment banking arms . kpmg’s bill michael said : ‘ banks are undergoing a once in a lifetime change , as they face evolving regulation , technology and society’s expectations … if further regulation creates too many strictures on non-retail banking , the industry risks losing its global relevance . ’ kpmg said banks must ‘ urgently tackle’ their low return on equity and need to invest in technology to increase their profits . 