michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio , although the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer . phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics on wednesday . ' you guys heard it here first , ' he told reporters at skyline aquatic center , where he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall . ' i am looking forward to next year . i do n't think it 's too hard to really realize why i came back . ' 18-time olympic champion michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio . but phelps said he wo n't be swimming at the world meet in russia in august as part of the punishment set forth by the sport 's u.s. governing body . he had already qualified in three events before being banned from the last major international meet before the rio de janeiro olympics . ' i really enjoy being on those trips , ' he said . ' that 's why it is painful to think that i wo n't have the chance to compete at worlds . ' there had been informal discussions about phelps being reinstated to the us team for worlds , but it would have meant removing swimmers that were named to the team in his absence . ' by no means do i want this to be a distraction from the team , ' he said . ' no way would i ever want to displace a member of that team . ' phelps in action during a practice session mesa , arizona on wednesday . phelps is back in arizona , where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on dui charges in his hometown of baltimore last september . he offered no specifics about his treatment , which he continued in maryland . he also enrolled in alcoholics anonymous . ' the last couple of months have probably been the hardest i 've ever had to go through in my entire life , ' he said . ' i take full responsibility for all of my actions . i 've hurt a lot of people and it 's been terrible . ' the 29-year-old swimmer was sentenced to 18 months of probation . he said he 's done more growing up in recent months than he has in his entire life . ' i have been able to come out on a better end , have a clear head , ' he said . ' i do n't think i 've ever been like this once in my life . ' phelps ' longtime coach , bob bowman , acknowledged his star swimmer 's second arrest for drunken driving made it ' pretty hard to convince me that anything was going to lead us back to something that we 'd be proud of . ' phelps called bowman a few times from rehab , which the coach described as ' really weird ' because he typically never heard from phelps away from the pool . bowman visited phelps during treatment , still skeptical that the swimmer was there for any reason other than he had to be . but bowman left thinking differently . phelps is back in arizona , where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation . ' i just had no doubt that he had changed in a way that was really meaningful , ' bowman said . ' he was completely different and it 's been that way every day since he 's been back . ' phelps pleaded guilty after his first drunken driving arrest in 2004 . five years later , a photo was published of him using a marijuana pipe at a party , which drew a three-month suspension and caused some sponsors to drop him . phelps knows not everyone will believe he 's contrite and has changed . ' if somebody does n't believe the words that are coming out of my mouth that 's their choice , ' he said . ' i , of course , would like to show everybody in the world that i am in a different place and i am much better than i ever have been . i understand that 's going to take a lot of time . this week will be the first week that i can start that . ' phelps will be competing in mesa for the first time since the pan pacific championships last august . the arizona meet was where phelps made his comeback a year ago after an extended retirement following the 2012 olympics . phelps adjusts north baltimore aquatic center team-mate allison schmidt 's cap during practice . he is n't sure what to expect , having only recently returned to the kind of hard training he did before the 2008 beijing games , where he won a record eight gold medals . phelps is falling back on the mentality he used for much of his career . ' i would just get up and swim as hard as i could and leave it in the water , ' he said . ' that 's what i 'm going to do here . i know i 'm more prepared now than i was at this time last year . ' his first event is the 100-meter butterfly on thursday , when he 'll compete against longtime rival ryan lochte . phelps is surrounding himself with familiar faces this week , including his fiancee nicole johnson and family members . ' i 'm a lot happier and in a lot better state and in a lot better physical shape than i really have been in a long time , ' he said . 