the brave man who stood up against a neo-nazi at an anti-islam rally has spoken out about the poignant moment that was captured on camera . during the reclaim australia rallies on the easter weekend , anti-racism protester jacob king was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear . mr king , from melbourne , told daily mail australia he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at federation square . anti-racism protester jacob king , from melbourne , had a face off with a neo-nazi at the easter weekend 's reclaim australia rallies . mr king was raised in melbourne and says he lived in a multicultural part of the victorian capital where he was exposed to racial tensions . the anti-racism protester said he learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to ' unlearn ' these views ' . ' a few scuffles broke out as a result of those trying to push and fight their way through the picket lines , ' he said . ' i remember looking at the bald man from the photo and it seemed to me that he and his group were there solely to be violent and express incoherent hatred , which took away from the already limited opportunities to engage in civilised discussion . ' i have however felt this kind of anger before , and this understanding produced in me a moment of unexpected compassion for him . ' i placed myself in between him and the anti-racism protesters . my arms were outstretched to keep people back and when the man got in my face i was expecting him to attack me . but he did n't . ' as he began to relax i told him there would be no more fighting today . i was n't expecting him to comply so easily , but i respect him for doing so . ' mr king said he was born and had grown up in a multicultural part of melbourne , where he had been on the giving and receiving ends of ' racial prejudice and bigoted views ' . ' i learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to unlearn and re-learn enough to accept that many of my simplified views were irrational , ' he said . ' i have learned that the vast majority of australian muslims have come to australia to improve their lives , contribute to our society and are against the extremist interpretations of their faith which they are so often accused of holding . mr king said he had spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man and his group was going to attack them . wearing a harley davidson sleeveless hoodie , which showed off his sleeve of tattoos , the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism , who stood against him in defiance . ' i attended the anti-racism rally because i recognise that the issues raised by the rally co-ordinators are a direct result of the scapegoating and fear mongering of muslims and other minorities by many in the corporate mainstream media and government . ' i firmly believe these divisions in our society are distracting us from the more immediate issues that should be of greater concern to all australians . ' numerous images emerged showing fiery scenes around the nation , but the most striking picture was taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe who captured mr king during the melbourne protest against the ' islamisation ' of australia . the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations . the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups . ' it was very intense , ' kenji wardenclyffe told daily mail australia . ' the neo-nazi definitely seemed to be instigating , trying to start a fight with the anti-racism group . the other man in the photo stepped in and was trying to keep the peace . ' he kept his hands open , he was trying to stop a fight from breaking out . ' the violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally , when he was photographed with one fist gripping another protester 's shirt and the other raised to punch the man in the face . mr wardenclyffe said he was pushed around by protesters throughout the day , and some of his camera equipment was broken by people attempting to stop him from taking photos . ' it was a very angry atmosphere - it definitely seemed some of the people on the reclaim australia side were there looking to start a fight , ' he said . ' it was very tense . ' violent intent : at the rally , the man involved in the standoff was seen trying to throw a punch at another protester as the scene descended into violence . one man appeared to be knocked out cold in the melee and was left lying on the ground . the identification of jacob king comes after a federal government mp reported a group ' socialist ratbags ' who were seen burning the australian flag at the rally to the human rights commission . the trio were at a reclaim australia demonstration , the same rally where mr king was photographed . george christensen , member for dawson in queensland revealed on tuesday after receiving ' a number of complaints ' he had reported the ' clowns ' who burnt the flag while protesting against the reclaim australia group . ' i have asked the racial discrimination commissioner to investigate the protests to see if they are unlawful under section 18c of the racial discrimination act , ' mr christensen said . ' according to the act , it is unlawful to perform any action in public that is likely to offend people of a particular race , religion , or national background . if sections of the act can be applied to one race or nationality it must apply to all , whether a minority or the majority , ' he also wrote . the rally was just one of a dozen which took place in cities across australia on the easter long weekend , organised by anti-islam group reclaim australia . a federal government mp has reported a group of ' socialist ratbags ' who were seen burning the australia flag at a rally last weekend to the human rights commission . george christensen , member for dawson in queensland ( left ) revealed on tuesday after receiving ' a number of complaints ' he had reported the ' clowns ' ( right ) . in a video of the event , it also appears to show the moment a man throw a punch at the head of a female anti-racism protester . despite reclaim australia 's promise of a peaceful protest , a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to intimidate anti-racism protesters . reclaim australia describe themselves as ' patriotic australians ' who protest against sharia law , halal tax and islam . they say they want ' compulsory singing of our national anthem weekly in every school in australia ' and want the government to ' refuse entry to anyone who has fought overseas against our adf or minimum 15 years jail term . ' police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . police were forced to separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . speaking to buzzfeed , photographer wardenclyffe said one of the anti-racism protesters stood out in front of the rest to stop him from getting through . ' the neo-nazi appeared and pushed through the crowd and began to yell at the ( left-wing protestors ) , ' mr wardenclyffe said . ' the neo-nazi then got in the face of the man in my photo with sunglasses who had moved into a position to prevent him from getting through . ' the neo-nazi yelled at him in a manner which seemed to be an attempt to start a fight , but the guy with sunglasses remained calm and did n't engage . ' a clash of anti-islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in melbourne . melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests . there was never a violent exchange between the groups however the men with the swastika 's moved through the crowd taunting the anti-racism protesters . the clash comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups mocked protests being held around australia last week . however , organisers behind the sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . across australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowd . ' it 's not us , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' ours is @ reclaim_aus . ' across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in sydney and melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . about 500 people attended the rally held in martin place , sydney , which included speeches from former australia defence league member shermon burgess and rise up ! australia party nsw president norm bishop . two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . more than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . one took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ' ashamed ' . several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports . to see more of kenji wardenclyffe 's work , visit his site here , or his youtube channel . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . protesters cheered as speakers said australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of islam and sharia law .  