getting a selfie with a celebrity appears to be the latest craze , but two scuba girls from california prefer to take their photos with some more colourful creatures . divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade . the recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean , such as sharks and sting rays . scroll down for video . under the sea ! these snap happy scuba girls have taken the selfie stick to new depths by taking a series of extraordinary underwater photos with exotic sea life . fish are friends , not food ! having the extendable pole allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed . dude ! despite having travelled as far afield as papua new guinea , the maldives and virgin islands to take these incredible photos , the selfie stick is only a recent edition to their trips , enabling them to take incredible turtle selfies . the intrepid divers from san diego , california , have made it their life mission to travel the world to take snaps with everything from turtles , puffer fish to sting rays and baby squid . while selfie sticks may be recent fad , divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping photos of marine animals for the best part of a decade . the pair who co-own the diving school , scuba girls , loved taking photographs of the beautiful animals underwater , but found they could not easily be in the picture too . since investing in the fad item , they have been able to mount a gopro camera to the end of the pole and obtain incredible lasting memories of their dives , whilst keeping a distance away from the creatures . margo said : ' since stephanie and i were always taking photos and videos of each other , the challenge was often finding a way to get the photographer in the photos too . ' several years ago we started using gopro cameras . ' with these small cameras we started to find ways to get into the photo even when they were taking the shot - hence the selfie . ' because we had to stretch out our arm to take the selfie , it was still a challenge getting the surrounding sea life and the photographer in the shot . ' then one day a company made the selfie stick - and everything changed . ' pipefish selfie ! before the selfie stick , the co-owners of california-based diving school scuba girls , seldom took pictures of themselves underwater with the animals as the equipment was n't available . with the ability to use a gopro camera from an extended vantage point , the diving instructors now take every opportunity they can to take selfies with underwater animals , including eels ( pictured ) . now that 's a selfie ! a photograph with a stingray is added to their list in this extraordinary shot . the snap happy girls from san diego have an impressive dive history , having travelled to papua new guinea , the maldives and virgin islands . they mainly have harmless encounters with marine life , but have to be on their guard when around more dangerous creatures like lionfish , sting rays , sharks and eels . stephanie said : ' we have to be very careful and respectful with different sea life . ' there are some creatures that sting or bite , and some sea life is delicate and can be injured if not treated with caution . ' having the extendable pole most often allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed . ' but yes , it can be an adrenaline rush , no doubt about that . ' squid selfie ! ' because we had to stretch out our arm to take the selfie , it was still a challenge getting the surrounding sea life and the photographer in the shot ' . stephanie said : ' we have to be very careful and respectful with different sea life . there are some creatures that sting or bite , and some sea life is delicate and can be injured if not treated with caution ' . the pair from san diego mount a gopro to the end of their stick to get close to the fish , but remain at a comfortable distance . the camera is over here ! the divers aim to first and foremost be respectful to the marine life and not disturb any creatures . shark tales ! the divers get a picture perfect shot with a passing shark , which is probably his first selfie ! 