a jealous boyfriend who ' fattened up ' his partner in a ploy to put off any love rivals has popped the question . attractive yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china 's guangdong province . but two years on when you asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable , according to the people 's daily . yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan ( right ) but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone ( left ) . yan 's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs . but her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep you 's pretty girlfriend by his side forever . over months he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday , splashing out on meals for yan almost every day . the 20-year-old was treated to big breakfasts , huge lunches and massive dinners . he even woke her up and fed her midnight snacks in a bid to stop her attracting too much attention from other men . yan was almost unrecognizable by the time you proposed to her with - most fittingly - a bouquet made of chocolate . the couple pictured back in the early days when they first met - when yan weighed just over seven stone . you had splashed out on meals for yan , 20 , almost every day - treating her to big breakfasts , massive lunches and huge dinners . eat up : yan 's six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep you 's pretty girlfriend by his side forever . the food-obsessed 25-year-old even got friends to hold up pictures of their favourite food while he asked yan to marry him . now the 25-year-old feeder has popped the question to his girlfriend with a bouquet made , most fittingly , out of ferrero roche . the food-obsessed romantic even made the proposal to his ‘goddess’ at their favourite street of restaurants as friends held up pictures of the couple 's favourite foods . beaming with happiness , yan said ' yes ' and the happy couple sealed the deal with a kiss as friends at the venue cheered on . you has now promised to feed her even more once they are married . you , who popped the question outside the couple 's favourite street of restaurants , has promised to keep on feeding his girlfriend once they are married . beaming with happiness , yan said ' yes ' and the happy couple sealed the deal with a kiss as friends at the venue cheered on . you pan , who deliberately fattened up his girlfriend to put off any love rivals , pictured before the proposal .