a man has died in a road accident in north west china - eight months after his brother was tragically killed in exactly the same spot . the man in his 50s , who has only been named as mr zhang , was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in dezhou city in east china when he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike . villagers from shoma ying said that his younger brother had been on the same junction last august , when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly , according to the people 's daily online . tragic : the man , only named as mr zhang , was thrown off his motorbike when he was hit by a car . he later died in hospital from his injuries . freak coincidence : his brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry . mr zhang , the elder of the two brothers , was taken to hospital for his injuries but died shortly after . the silver car that hit mr zhang on his motorbike when he pulled out of the junction sped away from the scene without stopping . a driver who witnessed the accident tried to chase after the car but eventually lost it in traffic . mr zhang , who was unmarried , sold vegetables at the local market and was believed to use the stretch of road on a daily basis . leftover vegetables were found in the trailer after the accident , which was found 30 metres away from the crushed motorbike . shu rongli , a police officer from the dezhou city public security bureau , said that the newly constructed road was not open yet and did not even have road signs . aftermath : the trailer of the motorbike was found 30 metres away from the main vehicle . poignant : vegetables sold by mr zhang at the local market were found in the trailer after the crash . he added that those using it were doing so illegally . the driver in the silver car , who was using a fake registration plate , is under investigation by the police . shu said that those involved in the accident lacked road safety knowledge , and he reminded motorists to be careful at junctions . investigation : the driver of the silver car that sped away from the scene is still being investigated by police .