you can now search hashtags on instagram without writing a single word . from today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . emoji hashtags work with single emoji , multiple emoji or can be combined with text . from today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions ( pictured on rosie huntington-whiteley 's page ) already featuring the small pictures . ' over the past few years , emoji have become part of a universal visual language , ' instagram told mailonline . ' from today , on instagram emoji will now work within hashtags , so you can add them to your posts , search for them on the explore page , and tap on them in captions . ' last month instagram launched a standalone app called layout . it has four main features called faces , mirroring , photo booth and previews . users begin by selecting as many images , up to the maximum of nine , to feature in a collage . photos can be selected or deselected at any point . as the user adds more images the layout of the collage changes and photos can be dragged between sections and different sized boxes as desired . emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . the most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . instagram has also unveiled three new filters called lark , reyes and juno . lark desaturates reds while ' punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' , explained instagram . reyes was inspired by the coast of point reyes , california and adds a ' dusty , vintage feel ' to photos . while juno tints tones green while making ' warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people . ' in december 2014 instagram launched slumber , crema , ludwig , perpetua and aden filters and those were the first to be added to the app since mayfair and willow launched in december 2012 . the most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . other popular emoji are the ok hand gesture , two hearts , clapping hands , another crying with laughter face , thumbs up , smiley face and kiss mark ( pictured left to right ) . instagram has also unveiled three new filters called lark , reyes and juno . instagram said juno ( pictured ) tints tones green while making ' warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people ' . users can also personalise their tray of filters to put their favourites within easy reach when editing an image . ' filters have been synonymous with instagram from day one , to help people capture and share photos that looked and felt as beautiful as they did in real life , ' continued instagram . ' the enthusiasm from the community has been fantastic , with filters ludwig and crema becoming the most popular filters on instagram overall . ' lark ( left ) desaturates reds while ' punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' , explained instagram . reyes ( right ) was inspired by the coast of point reyes , california and adds a ' dusty , vintage feel ' .