a man who stabbed a young father to death has been filmed partying with prison hooch and singing to explicit rap lyrics in a sickening jail video . dashem tesfamichael , 30 , is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as he dances outside his cell with other inmates at coldingley prison in surrey . he clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip , which also shows a stash of drink bottles , biscuits and crisps on a window ledge , before it was shared with friends on whatsapp . scroll down for video . dashem tesfamichael , 30 , who was jailed for stabbing a young father , has been filmed partying behind bars . he was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music with other inmates at coldingley prison in surrey . prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run-up to christmas in december last year . tesfamichael was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years after he used a broken champagne bottle to stab olu olagbaju , 26 , in shadan 's nightclub in the city of london in december 2006 . the music producer collapsed and died after the attack , where witnesses described seeing the young father being held with his arms behind his back before he was stabbed in the chest . eritrean-born tesfamichael , then 23 and living in camden , north london , made his getaway in a mercedes before fleeing to italy and then miami , u.s. , before he was extradited back to britain . the 50-second video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on whatsapp . eritrean-born tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the stabbing of olu olagbaju , 26 . mr olagbaju was looking forward to the birth of his second child with fiancee terri jacob , who he already had a daughter with , when he was killed . the ministry of justice launched an internal investigation at the category c prison , which houses 500 inmates , and dealt with those involved . a spokesperson from the prison service said : ' all identified prisoners have faced disciplinary action . this type of behaviour will not be tolerated . ' tesfamichael wears a grey vest as he dances around the prison with another inmate , who wears sunglasses . the footage also shows a stash of drinks bottles , crisps and biscuits being stored on a window ledge . the video has outraged members of the public after it was shared on social media . vikki heywood , wrote on facebook : ' i think it 's disgusting the stuff they can get up to in prison these days . i 've seen other ones of take aways and stuff like that . ' they are there to be punished not rewarded . if they have it soo cosy they will never learn from there 's mistakes [ sic ] . ' richard jones added : ' what 's more shameless is that it 's the authorities allowing the `` party '' to take place . ' others described it as ' shocking ' and ' disgraceful ' . dashem tesfamichael ( left ) stabbed olu olagbaju , 26 , ( right ) with a broken champagne bottle at a london nighclub in december 2006 . prison officers at coldingley prison in surrey reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run up to christmas in december last year . prison inmates use the yeast food spread to make illegal hooch dubbed ' marmite mule ' behind bars . prisoners are infamous for brewing illicit alcohol while they 're behind bars with the diy concoctions carrying a variety of names from ' pruno ' to ' hooch ' . but it is perhaps surprising to learn how inmates are able to make the beverages on such a limited amount of resources . in 2009 it was reported that marmite had been banned from dartmoor prison in devon because inmates were using it to make super strength hooch . dubbed ' martmite mule ' , prisoners added it to fruit , vegetables , bread and water , with the yeast in the food spread triggering the fermenting process of turning the sugars in the fruit into alcohol . the brew is then left over two weeks in old soft drink bottles or plastic bags before it is strained with a t-shirt or sock to remove the remains of the fruit and veg . it was also reportedly being used at privately-run addiewell prison in scotland . pruno , or prison wine , is renowned for being made by inmates because it can be produced with the limited selection of equipment and ingredients available to them . it is usually made using a variation of apples , oranges , fruit cocktail , candy , ketchup , sugar , milk , and possibly other ingredients , including crumbled bread . again , the use of a plastic bag , hot running water and a sock are needed during the fermentation process . the longer the concoction is left the stronger it will be with the alcohol volume ranging from 2 per cent to 14 per cent .