the anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the new zealand prime minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as amanda bailey . the waitress told the new zealand herald that she published the details of john key 's behaviour , which she experienced while she was working at a cafe in auckland , as she ' expected more from him ' and wanted ' the public to be aware ' . the 26-year-old , an employee at rosie cafe which is frequented by mr key and his wife , recounted on the daily blog how the prime minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . but following the publication of the blog on wednesday , mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions , stuff.co.nz reports . scroll down for video . amanda bailey ( right ) with jackie grant and scott brown , whose company hip group owns rosie cafe in auckland where ms bailey works . the 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by prime minister john key while she was working in the cafe . while the waitress took to an online blog to detail how mr key pulled her hair in the cafe on six occasions , owners jackie grant and scott brown have spoken about their disappointment with ms bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife bronagh ( pictured together ) . ms bailey told the herald that she felt mr key 's behaviour was inappropriate . ' i did n't feel i should have to put up with that , ' she said . ' i expected more from him and i want the public to be aware . ' john key feels he is untouchable . ' however jackie grant and scott brown , whose company hip group owns rosie cafe , told the herald of their disappointment with ms bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . they further stated that mr key is popular among the staff at rosie cafe in parnell , east of auckland . the waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called rosie ( pictured ) in parnell , east of auckland . the waitress wrote how mr key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop . in the blog , ms bailey wrote about how she made it very clear that she was unimpressed by mr key 's gestures . ' he was like the school yard bully tugging on the little girls ' hair trying to get a reaction , experiencing that feeling of power over her , ' she wrote . mr key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop . after dealing with the practical jokes over the six months he had visited the cafe , the waitress finally lost her cool . ' as he made his way out the door i said after him `` please stop or i will actually hit you soon ! `` , ' she wrote . ' everybody knew that i did n't like it , i really did n't like it . i felt powerless and tormented and i stepped out the back and i cried frustrated tears . ' key , who was en route to the anzac ceremony in gallipoli on wednesday , told reporters he has a very ' warm and friendly relationship ' with staff at the cafe . ' when i realised she took offence by that i just sort of immediately went back , gave her some wine , apologised and said i was terribly sorry , ' he said according to stuff.co.nz . ' it was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on , and so obviously i immediately apologised for that . ' she thanked me for that and said `` that 's all fine , no drama '' . ' but mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .