tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the daytime emmy awards in burbank , california and delivered on her promise of multiple outfits . the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television . matt lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings . scroll down for video . hosting debut : tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank , california . the host of nbc 's the today show in a pre-taped skit with talk show host ellen degeneres agreed to end their pranking feud . the two were on opposite coasts and in the dual screen bit ellen promised not to edit the video . matt however was then shown with his head superimposed over the body of a chiseled man wearing only tasseled pasties , black briefs and lace-topped stockings . multiple looks : the america 's next top model host promised the audience several outfit changes . she 's a natural : tyra moved the show along as it returned to television after streaming online last year . as ellen grinned away at the racy image matt pledged to donate $ 1,000 to charity each time a winner thanked him in their acceptance speech . early award winner nancy o'dell thanked matt three times after entertainment tonight took home the gong for outstanding entertainment news program . most of the winners also thanked 57-year-old matt as they accepted their awards . starting the show : matt lauer and ellen degeneres started the show in a pre-taped bit in which they announced the end of their pranking feud . still pranking : after ellen claimed there would be no editing a superimposed body of a man wearing pasties and stockings was substituted for matt 's frame . for charity : matt pledged to donate $ 1,000 to each winner who thanked him during their acceptance speech . matt thanked : nancy o'dell thanked matt lauer three times after entertainment tonight won for outstanding entertainment news program . cbs sunday morning host charles osgood , whose show was honoured as best morning program , offered a heartfelt shoutout to matt . ' thank you for doing what you did because , god knows , i do n't want to do that , ' said the 82-year-old longtime host . betty white , 93 , was honoured with a lifetime achievement award for her television career that dates back to 1949 . hollywood legend : betty white was honoured with a lifetime achievement award . she received her award at the conclusion of a skit based on the game show password that was hosted by her late husband allen ludden . ' oh , my goodness , i can not tell you what this means , ' betty told the audience . ' hello , beautiful , ' she said to her trophy . ' when i started in 1949 i had no idea that i 'd still be around at this point , for one thing , or that i 'd still be privileged enough to still be in this business . and it is such a privilege . ' television stars : charo participated in a bit that revealed betty was the lifetime achievement award honoree . the comedienne also showed her quick wit during her acceptance speech . ' so much thanks to you and your mothers and fathers and grandmothers and grandfathers , ' she said as the audience giggled along . ' and a couple of great-grandfathers when i was younger , ' she added . still hilarious : betty showed her quick wit during her acceptance speech . the awards show also included a few new categories voted on by fans . outfit change : tyra as promised changed into multiple outfits including a tan pantsuit . the best bitch slap award that was decided by fans went to the smackdown that quinn fuller delivered to brooke logan forrester on the bold and the beautiful . the daytime emmys , which once had a secure home on the broadcast networks , settled for streaming online last year after a two-year turn on the cable news channel hln . tyra opened the show wearing a black pantsuit with a plunging neckline and sheer black cape over her shoulders . mini reunion : tyra had her america 's next top model runway consultant j. alexander show the winners how to strut . she followed that up with a black leotard outfit with a sheer skirt , a tan pantsuit and inspired red dress . she admitted to being an admirer of daytime television before she appeared on daytime television herself . the two-time sports illustrated swimsuit issue cover model won two daytime emmy awards for her talk show the tyra banks show . cute couple : john legend and chrissy teigen were among the celebrities in attendance . tyra said she was a ' huge fan ' of talk show host sally jessy raphael and revealed her last dress would be as red as sally 's trademark glasses . she also brought chrissy teigen onstage along with other hosts of her new upcoming abc daytime show the fab . despite the dwindling daytime audience and programming shifts , winners at the awards ceremony burst with enthusiasm . sally red : tyra got on the ground to make a point during the broadcast . getting fierce : the two-time sports illustrated swimsuit issue cover model certainly has range . fourth outfit : tyra saved her red dress for last . a beaming craig ferguson , replaced by james corden as host of cbs ' the late late show , accepted the trophy for best game show host for celebrity name game . ' i never win anything . this is fantastic , ' ferguson , 52 , said , adding , ' thank you , hollywood , for a job . ' freddie smith was honored as best younger actor in a drama for his role as sonny in days of our lives . his character and that of will ( played by guy wilson ) were part of daytime tv 's first gay wedding with two men . major award : craig ferguson was thrilled to accept the award for outstanding game show host . soap veteran : deidre hall who has played dr. marlena evans on days of our lives for 32 years stunned in a blue gown . freddie paid tribute to ' the lgbt community for showing strength and courage . you 're an inspiration to all of us . ' the ceremony featured the reunion of anthony geary and genie francis , the former general hospital couple of luke and laura , who presented the trophy for best drama series , a tie , to days of our lives and the young and the restless . anthony was a winner as well , accepting his eighth emmy for his general hospital role , while fellow series star maura west was named best lead drama actress . paying tribute : freddie smith paid tribute to the lgbt community while accepting his award for outstanding younger actor in a drama series . soap star : maura west received her award for outstanding actress in a drama series from model shemer moore . other winners included amelia heinle , best supporting actress in a drama series for the young and the beautiful , and chad duell , best supporting actor for general hospital . un nuevo dia received the award for best spanish-language morning program at the national academy of television arts & sciences awards . an in memoriam tribute was introduced by melissa rivers , who said the career of her late mother joan rivers was reinvigorated by a daytime talk show after her late-night show was canceled . she 's a winner : amelia heinle accepted the award for outstanding supporting actress in a drama series . touching tribute : melissa rivers introduced an in memoriam tribute and talked about her late mother joan rivers whose career was reinvigorated after winning a daytime emmy . celebrity presenter : mario lopez presented the award for outstanding morning program in spanish . the joan rivers show won a daytime emmy in 1990 , the only emmy her mother ever got , melissa rivers noted . among the winners sunday were jeopardy ! , best game show ; steve harvey , host of an informative talk show ; the ellen degeneres show , entertainment talk show ; entertainment tonight , entertainment news program ; hunter king , younger actress in a drama series , the young and the restless ; and kelly ripa and michael strahan , entertainment talk show hosts , for live ! with kelly and michael . rising star : hunter king accepted the trophy for winning outstanding younger actress in a drama series . good times : sheryl underwood , sara gilbert , sharon osbourne , aisha tyler and julie chen of the talk took to the stage . the end : steve harvey played a short game of family feud with tyra to end the show .  outstanding drama series . the bold and the beautiful . days of our lives winner ( tie ) . general hospital . the young and the restless winner ( tie ) . outstanding new approaches drama series . the bay the series winner . beacon hill the series . east los high .  outstanding culinary program . barefoot contessa : back to basics winner . guy’s big bite . martha bakes . the mind of a chef . my grandmother’s ravioli . outstanding morning program . cbs sunday morning winner . good morning america . today show .  outstanding morning program in spanish . un nuevo día winner . cafe cnn . despierta america .  outstanding talk show/ informative . the chew winner . the dr. oz show . the kitchen . steve harvey .  outstanding entertainment talk show host . kelly ripa , michael strahan , live ! with kelly and michael winner . julie chen , sara gilbert , sharon osbourne , aisha tyler , sheryl underwood , the talk . wendy williams , the wendy williams show .  outstanding entertainment news program . entertainment tonight winner . access hollywood . e ! news . extra . the insider .  outstanding lead actress in a drama series . maura west , general hospital winner . peggy mccay , days of our lives . alison sweeney , days of our lives . gina tognoni , the young and the restless . laura wright , general hospital . outstanding lead actor in a drama series . anthony geary , general hospital winner . christian leblanc , the young and the restless . billy miller , the young and the restless . jason thompson , general hospital . outstanding supporting actress in a drama series . amelia heinle , the young and the restless winner . linsey godfrey , the bold and the beautiful . elizabeth hendrickson , the young and the restless . finola hughes , general hospital . lisa locicero , general hospital .  outstanding supporting actor in a drama series . chad duell , general hospital winner . scott clifton , the bold and the beautiful . kristoff st. john , the young and the restless . jacob young , the bold and the beautiful .  outstanding younger actress in a drama series . hunter king , the young and the restless winner . kristen alderson , general hospital . camila banus , days of our lives . haley pullos , general hospital .  outstanding younger actor in a drama series . freddie smith , days of our lives winner . bryan craig , general hospital . max ehrich , the young and the restless . tequan richmond , general hospital . outstanding game show host . craig ferguson , celebrity name game winner . steve harvey , family feud . todd newton , family game night . pat sajak , wheel of fortune . outstanding talk show/ entertainment . the ellen degeneres show winner . live ! with kelly and michael . the talk . the wendy williams show . outstanding informative talk show host . steve harvey , steve harvey winner . mario batali , carla hall , clinton kelley , daphne oz , michael symon , the chew . dr. mehmet oz , the dr. oz show .  directing for a drama series . the bold and the beautiful winner . days of our live . general hospital . the young and the restless .  writing for a drama series . the bold and the beautiful winner . days of our lives . general hospital . the young and the restless .    