an alabama mayor was arrested and a city police chief was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after a fight at city hall on friday . lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out , according to a city clerk . mcdade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer , city officials said . carey was later spotted ' hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital , according to fox6 news . lipscomb police chief warren carey ( right ) was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade ( left ) , who refused to leave his office , when the fight broke out on friday , according to a city clerk . city hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building , fox6 news reporter melanie posey tweeted . mcdade was holding a letter when he was arrested that read : ' dear city of liscomb employees , this letter is to inform you that all city employees are on administrative leave with pay until further notice . with exceptions for city dispatch . ' mcdade will be held in prison over the weekend . city clerk connie madsen said the mayor pro term , brenda renz , is now in charge of the city . madsen told al.com the investigation into the incident is ongoing and no formal charges have been filed against mcdade yet . the city clerk said all of the employees were still working and no one has been put on leave . she said mcdade has made it ' difficult ' for the employees ' to function and do our jobs ' . this is not the first time mcdade , who was elected in november 2012 , has gotten into trouble with the law . both mcdade and his wife were arrested and charged with domestic violence and harassment after police were called to their home last year and found they both had minor injuries . the couple had been arguing about how they were going to divide their property during their pending divorce , according to al.com . the fight broke out at lipscomb city hall ( pictured ) . mcdade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer , city officials said . just two months following his arrest , mcdade was found guilty of attempting to elude a police officer during a traffic violation . mcdade fled from the officer first in his car and then on foot while trying to avoid arrest , according to the officer 's statement in court documents . the mayor was also arrested in 2013 , when he showed up to the scene of a fire and tried to force a volunteer fire department lieutenant to leave because he had recently dismissed her . mcdade was arrested for obstructing governmental process after he allegedly refused to leave , even after a police officer told him she had authorized the lieutenant to be there , according to al.com . and two years ago mcdade temporarily shut down the entire city police department and laid off city employees because he said the city was having financial problems .