of all the people to be wary of getting caught on camera doing something incredulous , you would think a tv news reporter would know better . but britt mchenry , a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn , has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week . the 28-year-old , who hails from new jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office . 'i’m in the news , sweetheart , i will f -- -- -g sue this place , ' mchenry can he heard saying in the video . vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an advanced towing employee in arlington , virginia . caught red-faced : incredibly , mchenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . glamorous : originally from new jersey , mchenry is a sideline reporter for espn based in washington d.c. pictured is gina michelle , the clerk abused by mchenry and told she needed to lose some weight . the incident occurred on april 6 . the parking attendant can be heard in the video warning mchenry she is being filmed and threatens to ' play your video ' . 'that’s why i have a degree and you do n't - i would n't work in a scumbag place like this , ' mchenry responds . ' makes my skin crawl even being here . ' the parking attendant patiently replies : ' well lets get you out of here quickly . ' mchenry then fires back : ' yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money…with no education , no skill set . just wanted to clarify that . ' she 's outta there : espn immediately responded by suspending mchenry , but only for one week . after a few more comments , including telling the woman she does n't have a brain , mchenry delivers her biggest sting . ' maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ' cos ' i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- -- -g trailer , honey . ' finally , before walking away , mchenry says : ' lose some weight , baby girl . ' unhappy customer : britt mchenry leaving the towing company and flipping the bird to the cameras . ' maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' : mchenry , who has impeccable grooming when on-camera , berated the woman for her appearance and her job . video of the shocking scene was obtained by live leak . as the video spread online , espn were forced to react . a spokesman confirmed mchenry had been suspended , however only for one week . it is unclear whether a more serious punishment will be handed down . right after the incident took place , mchenry took her twitter account to rant about how adanced towing is ' corrupt ' . not surprisingly , she has since deleted the tweet . the apology : mchenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online thursday . do as i say , not as i do : mchenry 's words of wisdom earlier this year . on thursday , she turned to social media again to apologize for her actions , saying it was an ' intense and stressful moment ' for her . she posted online : ' in an intense and stressful moment , i allowed my emotions to get the best of me and said some insulting and regrettable things . as frustrated as i was , i should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake . ' according to the big lead , mchenry was eating hunan chinese restaurant on wilson boulevard in arlington when her car was towed . advanced towing are yet to comment on the incident . the employee that was berated has not been identified . suspended : britt mchenry has been suspended from espn for one week for the offensive rant . 