she might have the physical attributes of a woman but jennifer pagonis was in fact born intersex , meaning she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match . the 29-year-old from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome ( ais ) , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body . pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but did n't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class . the brunette - who currently works for a non-profit addressing the legal rights of intersex individuals - immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed . scroll down for video . speaking out : she might have the physical attributes of a woman but jennifer pagonis ( above ) was in fact born intersex , meaning she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match . flashback : the 29-year-old ( seen above circa 1990 ) has androgen insensitivity syndrome ( ais ) , a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . ' i was like , `` oh . my . god ! that 's the thing the teacher was talking about ... , '' ' pagonis told the associated press . ' and then i went into like a freefall . ' two decades ago , there was little information about ais and pagonis ' parents were'n't sure how to talk openly about the condition . pagonis was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse . however , pagonis says she learned as a teenager that this was ' almost impossible ' . undescended testes were also removed from her abdomen to prevent them from developing cancer ; although some doctors now think affected children can be monitored instead . for a long time pagonis struggled with depression and angst until meeting young intersex adults who 've embraced their differences . growing pains : pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but did n't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class . body confident : pagonis now uses the first name ' pidgeon , ' does n't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery . pagonis now uses the first name ' pidgeon ' , does n't identify as female or male and works as an intersex activist against surgery . using social media to voice her thoughts , she recently tweeted : ' diagnosed [ with ] testicular feminization ( ais ) & labeled male pseudo-hermaphrodite exist in the gray . but , i believe , so does everybody . ' pagonis ' advice for parents with intersex infants ? ' take them home and love them ... just the way they are . ' alice dreger , a northwestern university ethicist and author , says it makes sense for parents to raise affected kids as boys or girls . ' but sometimes we get that gender assignment wrong . and in those cases it 's particularly important that we 've not done unnecessary interventions . ' androgen insensitivity syndrome ( ais ) is when a person who is genetically male ( who has one x and one y chromosome ) is resistant to male hormones ( called androgens ) . as a result , the person has some or all of the physical traits of a woman , but the genetic makeup of a man . it is caused by genetic defects on the x chromosome . these defects make the body unable to respond to the hormones that produce a male appearance . complete androgen insensitivity prevents the penis and other male body parts from developing . at birth , the child looks like a girl . the complete form of the syndrome occurs in as many as 1 in 20,000 live births . how many male traits people have differ in incomplete ais . a person with complete ais appears to be female but has no uterus , and has very little armpit and pubic hair . at puberty , female sex characteristics - such as breasts - develop . however , the person does not menstruate and become fertile . persons with incomplete ais may have both male and female physical characteristics . many have partial closing of the outer vaginal lips , an enlarged clitoris , and a short vagina . complete ais is rarely discovered during childhood . sometimes , a growth is felt in the abdomen or groin that turns out to be a testicle when it is explored with surgery . most people with this condition are not diagnosed until they do not get a menstrual period or they have trouble getting pregnant . incomplete ais is often discovered during childhood because the person may have both male and female physical traits . tests used to diagnose this condition may include blood work , genetic testing or a pelvic ultrasound . when it comes to treatment , testicles that are in the wrong place may be removed when a child finishes growing . estrogen replacement can also be prescribed after puberty . source : medlineplus . vocal : using social media to voice her thoughts , she recently tweeted : ' diagnosed [ with ] testicular feminization ( ais ) & labeled male pseudo-hermaphrodite exist in the gray . but , i believe , so does everybody . ' idea exchange : it 's estimated that at least 1 in 5,000 u.s. babies are born each year with intersex conditions . pagonis hopes that by speaking out about her condition she can help comfort others with ais . efforts in the medical sphere also are underway to change the way intersex children are treated . ' the way that we took care of things in the past ... where there was a fair amount of secrecy , where there was surgery done in the infant state , and potentially irreversible surgery , is probably not the best way to go about things , ' said dr. earl cheng , who runs the two-year-old sex development disorders program at chicago 's ann & robert h. lurie children 's hospital . the program is one of several nationwide that employ a team of specialists including surgeons , hormone experts , genetic counselors , psychologists and ethicists . the team helps families weigh their options , including whether surgery should be considered at all . it 's estimated that at least 1 in 5,000 u.s. babies are born each year with intersex conditions . some affected children have typical male or female chromosomes , but genetic glitches and hormonal problems that begin in the womb , cause genitals to resemble those of the opposite sex . others have a male-female blend of sex chromosomes and reproductive organs .