a former wisconsin sheriff 's deputy with lou gehrig 's disease has been found not legally responsible in the killing of his wife and sister-in-law . forty-year-old andrew steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his 39-year-old wife , ashlee steele , and her sister , 38-year-old kacee tollefsbol of lake elmo , minnesota . defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele 's brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . scroll down for video . former wisconsin sheriff 's deputy andrew steele , pictured in court earlier this month , has been found not legally responsible in the killing of his wife and sister-in-law on thursday . this undated photo provided by rachelle putnam shows ashlee steele , left , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol , both were found dead of gunshot wounds at steele 's home in fitchburg , wisconsin , last august . a jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on thursday . during steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist dr. doug tucker had testified that a rambling note steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law was delusional and showed steele 's brain was deteriorating because of als . tucker said that was the reason steele killed the two and that he was ' unable to conform his conduct to the law . ' the defendant had claimed he blacked out during the killings . steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june . lou gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or als , attacks motor neurons , cells that control muscles . prosecutors believed steele planned the killings . the state had asked all witnesses if steele had memory issues before that day in august , and they all said no . defense attorneys argued that lou gehrig 's disease had damaged steele 's brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . family : the couple , pictured , had two children , and had been together for 26 years . in a mostly incoherent , stream-of-consciousness letter written by steele the day before the murders , the former deputy claimed he had had a sexual relationship with his sister-in-law and enjoyed ' numerous threesomes ' with kacee and his wife , reported the station wiba . the typo-riddled note also stated that when kacee and ashlee learned of his als diagnosis , they proposed a suicide pact . according to steele , the women wanted to jump off a cruise ship together , poison themselves with carbon monoxide inside a car , or shoot themselves with his service weapon . ' see you all on the other side , ' the note concluded . the missive was last edited on steele’s phone just after 6am on august 22 . about seven hours later , a mortally wounded kacee tollefsbol called 911 saying she and her sisters had been shot . dr tucker testified that there was no evidence to support steele 's claims that he had been in a three-way relationship with his wife and sister-in-law . friends of kacee tollefsbol also said in court that her and steele 's relationship did not go beyond that of a brother and sister , reported wisconsin state journal . tearful testimony : the slain sisters’ third sibling , hailee mesiterling , said from the stand that andrew steele was in love with his sister-in-law . however , the slain sisters’ surviving sibling , hailee mesiterling , said from the stand that andrew steele was in love with tollefsbol and acted inappropriately towards her during a family vacation last summer . steele’s defense attorney , jessa nicholson , had told the court that her client maintained that on the day of the killings he and ashlee had sex involving bondage , and a zip tie accidentally fastened too tight around her neck , according to wkow . steele’s last memory from that day , according to his attorney , is of him trying to find a pair of scissors to cut the restraint around his wife’s neck . he then blacked out and awakened later in a hospital bed with a tube down his throat . unable to speak , the 40-year-old wrote notes asking if he had been in a car accident and inquiring after his wife . als : andrew steele , pictured in court in 2014 , penned a rambling note a day before the killing claiming that he had had threesomes with his wife and sister-in-law , and that the three of them had made a suicide pact . andrew steele is wheeled out of his home in a stretcher after allegedly murdering his wife and her sister on august 22 . if the jury had found him responsible for the double-homicide , steel could have faced up to a life sentence without parole . ashlee steele , 39 , was found shot in the head in the master bedroom and cops found andrew steele sitting in a laundry room with a pistol . the former deputy had started the dryer and vented it back into the room and he had set up a grill loaded with hot charcoal in the room in a possible suicide attempt by carbon monoxide . the killings came just days after the victims and the suspect 's friends took part in the als ice bucket challenge , raising $ 23,000 towards the ailing deputy 's medical expenses . in his letter , steele lamented that collected funds were not enough to cover their family 's expenses . between the two of them , the slain sisters have left six children behind .