isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorist group , according to an iraqi source . the source said that he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh , iraq . at first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low , but he pulled through . scroll down for video . isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi ( pictured ) has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorists , according to an iraqi source . however , he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader . he is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation , according to the guardian . two officials confirmed to the paper that the strike on the convoy did indeed take place , on march 18 in the al-baaj district of nineveh , not far from the syrian border . one , a western diplomat , told the paper that coalition generals weren’t sure whether al-baghdadi was in the convoy . news of the attack follows contradictory accounts of al-baghdadi being killed in air strikes in november and december . another , an iraqi expert on isis used by the government in baghdad in an advisory capacity , revealed that he had in fact been wounded . he said : ‘ yes , he was wounded in al-baaj near the village of umm al-rous on 18 march with a group that was with him . ’ this area is known to be largely lawless and a hotbed of jihadi activity , with very little coalition air presence . raffaello pantucci , director of international security studies for defence think tank the royal united services institute , told mailonline that it’s entirely plausible that the infamous leader had been hit , but warned that it might not have a long-term impact on the group if he did n't survive . he said : ‘we’ve heard these stories before . it 's possible , as they would be going after him and they would be trying to drone him , but it’s right to be suspicious . ' if he was killed it would have a big effect on the group as a lot of the group is wrapped up in his identity . the whole of islamic state is built on success and if the leader is bumped off it’s harder to say you’re winning . ‘ but it’s quite a resilient group . they would do a pr piece on it and say he’s gone to a better place – but coherence often comes from leadership . ‘ however , it would not mean the end of the group by any stretch . ’ last year there were two reports that baghdadi had been wounded , but they turned out to be inaccurate . he escaped death in december when us jets attacked a two-car convoy on the outskirts of mosul . his close aide auf abdul rahman al-efery was killed when a rocket fired from a war plane hit one of the cars . baghdadi was believed to be in the second car , which was not hit . figures from february showed allied airstrikes , including those carried out by british warplanes , had killed more than 6,000 fighters since september . the figure included more than half of the militants on the is ruling council . among the dead jihadists was also abu muslim al-turkmani , a former iraqi army lieutenant colonel considered baghdadi’s number two and the most senior is militant in iraq . his death and that of as many as nine others on the 18-man leadership council forced baghdadi to promote local warlords to the status of regional commanders , as his inner circle of trusted advisers and battle-hardened loyalists became increasingly small . baghdadi , 43 , was the head of al-qaeda in iraq before founding the islamic state in iraq in 2010 , while he was declared head of the islamic state in iraq and syria in 2013 . in june last year , the islamic state declared itself a caliphate , with al-baghdadi declared as its ‘caliph’ or ruler .  