children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school . the pledge is contained in a ‘home-school agreement’ which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september . the infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles . each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school . anti-bullying : turnham primary school - led by executive headteacher selina sharpe - sent out an agreement for all new children to sign before they start in the new academic year . tick-box bureaucracy : but parents were dumbfounded when it included a demand not to use ' transphobic language ' , as it would mean explaining something many three-year-olds are not even aware exists . it is understood that teachers at the south-east london school introduced the document to help stamp out playground prejudice against transgender people and a wide range of disabilities and cultures . but yesterday the chairman of governors said that they knew nothing about the change to the contract , which was also dismissed as ‘bonkers’ by parents who said pre-school children could not be expected to understand such complex issues . the contract was sent to parents last week along with the letters offering a place at the school . it reads : ‘ we believe that every child can and should reach their full potential . this is achieved when all staff , parents and children understand their responsibilities and work together towards the same goals , as detailed in our home-school agreement . ’ in a list of responsibilities for pupils to sign is a clause which states pupils will be tolerant of ‘ sexual orientation or lifestyle and refrain from using racist or homophobic or transphobic language in school’ . the contract does not say what will happen to pupils who disobey the clauses . yesterday , one mother said : ‘ my son is three yet he is meant to pledge not to use “transphobic” language . ‘ how am i meant to explain it to my three-year-old that he must sign on the dotted line not to do something which he is not even aware exists when he can barely hold a crayon ? this just fills me with dread about what sort of politically correct , tick-box bureaucracy runs this school . ‘ i agree that teachers need to be made aware of transgender issues as it affects a number of children who suffer in silence , but to make three-year-olds sign up to something they do not even know exists is bonkers . ’ sorry : the school 's chair of governors has apologised for any offence or distress caused to parents or pupils . turnham primary is a foundation school , which means it is funded by the government through labour-run lewisham council , which yesterday refused to comment on the matter . the school , led by executive head teacher selina sharpe , also declined to comment . yesterday , robert mapp , chairman of governors , said he was not aware of ‘ the change in format’ to the home-school agreement . he said miss sharpe was an ‘ interim executive head’ at turnham , adding : ‘ given she is a lewisham council employee who was personally referred to turnham primary foundation school by the executive director for children and young people , frankie sulke , i am surprised the local authority have elected not to comment on the matter once . ‘ on behalf of the governing body i would like to sincerely apologise for any offence or distress caused to our parents and pupils . until i have held a full inquiry into the matter , i am not in a position to make any further comment . ’ the controversy comes in the wake of the coalition’s british values drive , which requires all schools to teach tolerance of other faiths and lifestyles . it was introduced last year in response to the trojan horse scandal , which saw schools in birmingham allegedly infiltrated by muslim hardliners hoping to impose an islamic agenda . but since then , schools have complained they have been penalised by ofsted for failing to meet the criteria . two christian schools in the north east said pupils were asked ‘inappropriate’ questions on race and sexuality – and branded intolerant when they gave the wrong answers . one ten-year-old girl was left in tears after inspectors allegedly asked her ‘ whether she felt trapped in someone else’s body’ . two years ago turnham primary came to national attention when cliff pearce , then chairman of governors , claimed expenses for travel to the school for meetings from his home in menorca in spain . 