about 4.45 billion years ago , 150 million years after the solar system formed , earth was hit by a mars-size object called theia . the collision created the moon , but debate has raged exactly what happened during this event - and a mystery has persisted on why the moon and earth are so similar in their composition . now , conflicting studies have provided two different theories - one that theia was similar to earth , and another that earth and the moon were showered by debris following the collision . three studies have provided different theories for what happened after earth was struck by a mars-sized object called theia , 4.45 billion years ago . what is agreed on , though , is that the impact actually happened ( artist 's illustration shown ) . this is known as the giant impact hypothesis . the two theories appear in the journal nature across three studies - two in favour of the ‘ similar to earth’ theory , and the other favouring the ‘ shower of debris’ model . in the latter theory , a team of scientists at the university of maryland said the impact of theia with earth was so violent , the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon . many researchers believe the moon formed after earth was hit by a planet the size of mars billions of years ago . this is called the giant impact hypothesis . the hypothesis claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body approximately 4.5 billion years ago . the colliding body is sometimes called theia , after the mythical greek titan who was the mother of selene , the goddess of the moon . but one mystery has persisted , revealed by rocks the apollo astronauts brought back from the moon - why are the moon and earth so similar in their composition ? several different theories have emerged over the years to explain the similar fingerprints of earth and the moon . perhaps the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the earth and then later condensed to form the moon . or theia could have , coincidentally , been isotopically similar to young earth . a third possibility is that the moon formed from earthen materials , rather than from theia , although this would have been a very unusual type of impact . this cloud would have been composed of some earth material , explaining the similarity between earth and the moon , and other material . ‘ this means that , right after the moon formed , it had exactly the same isotopic composition as earth 's mantle , ’ said dr richard walker , a professor of geology at umd and co-author of the study . both bodies have a similar isotopic ‘ fingerprint , ’ notably similar types of tungsten , suggesting they had a similar origin . one difference , though , is that earth has proportionally much less of a lighter isotope known as tungsten-182 . the team said this is because after both bodies formed , earth swept up more debris that had little tungsten-182 . ‘ we still need to work out the details , but it 's clear that our early solar system was a very violent place , ’ added dr walker . the team said their theory largely rules out the idea that the mars-sized body theia was of similar composition , or that the moon formed from only material contained in the pre-impact earth . the other studies , though , disagree . scientists at the israel institute of technology and the southwest research institute in colorado said that theia actually had a similar composition to earth . dr alessandra mastrobuono-battisti and colleagues simulated collisions between protoplanets and compared the composition of each surviving planet with the composition of its last giant impactor . in one theory , a team of scientists at the university of maryland said that the impact of theia with earth was so violent , the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon . shown is an artist 's illustration of the young earth and moon . the university of maryland team examined the tungsten isotopic composition of two moon rocks collected by the apollo 16 mission , including sample 68815 , seen here . when corrected for meteoritic additions to earth and the moon after formation of the moon , the two bodies had identical tungsten isotopic compositions . supporting evidence includes the earth 's spin and moon 's orbit having similar orientations . moon samples indicating the surface of the moon was once molten also provide evidence , as does the moon 's relatively small iron core . the moon also has a lower density compared to earth , while there is evidence of similar collisions in other star systems ( that result in debris disks ) . giant collisions are also consistent with the leading theories of the formation of the solar system . and finally , the stable isotope ratios of lunar and terrestrial rock are identical , implying a common origin . they found that 20 to 40 per cent of impactors had similar compositions to the planets they impacted , whereas planets that formed in the same simulation tended to have distinct compositions . the authors suggest their results may explain the similarities between earth and the moon - and why their compositions differ from those of other planets in the solar system . ‘ we find that different planets formed in the same simulation have distinct compositions , but the compositions of giant impactors are statistically more similar to the planets they impact , ’ the researchers wrote . they said their theory has a 20 per cent probability of correct . whichever theory turns out to be correct though , both are in agreement that the formation of the moon remains a confusing mystery that is yet to be fully solved . ‘ this is interesting stuff and no one has all the answers regarding the formation of the moon - we certainly do n't claim to , ’ dr walker , one of the authors of the former study , told mailonline . however , the other theory says that earth ( left ) and the moon ( right ) are so similar because the initial mars-sized object , theia , actually had a similar composition to earth . dr alessandra mastrobuono-battisti and colleagues simulated collisions between protoplanets to make their finding .