emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene . a mother-of-two has battled cancer nine times in the last seven years , despite having her breasts and ovaries removed to try and prevent the disease . emma hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty brca1 gene , which increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent , and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent . she opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year , to reduce her risk . but despite the drastic surgery , the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer . since that point , mrs hannigan has battled the disease a staggering nine times , including four bouts in the space of a year . she is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks as specialists try to keep the disease at bay . mrs hannigan , an author from bray , near dublin , said despite it failing to prevent cancer , she does not regret having preventative surgery . the breast cancer campaign estimates preventative mastectomy is thought to reduce breast cancer risk in carriers of the brca gene , by 90 per cent . the odds reduce a woman 's risk to lower than that of the average for women who do not carry the mutated gene . ' i did n't look at it like i was losing my ovaries or breasts , ' mrs hannigan said . ' i looked at it like i was gaining my life . ' it was n't a difficult decision . it was a no-brainer - i wanted to live . ' but at the age of 33 , mrs hannigan was devastated when she was told , just a year after having surgery , that she had cancer . ' i was tested because there was a family history of breast and ovarian cancer in my family , ' she said . ' my aunt helen died of breast cancer when she was 42 . my other aunts , ruth and cathy , survived breast cancer in their 30s and 40s . my great aunt , anneliese , died from ovarian cancer . ' when gene testing came in my family were invited to have tests . my mother , cathy and ruth were all diagnosed with the faulty gene . ' so i was tested and i was diagnosed too . then i made the decision to reduce my risk of cancer and have surgery . ' it was not difficult . i had seen helen die . ' i had two young children . i only had to look at them and know that i had made the right choice . ' following the mastectomy , her breast tissue was sent away for testing . the results showed early signs of cancer . but in 2007 , the mother-of-two , from bray near dublin , was diagnosed with breast cancer . she underwent treatment , including radiation , pictured , and within a few months doctors told her she was in remission . since 2007 , mrs hannigan , an author , has battled the disease nine times , including facing four bouts in one year . she is currently undergoing chemotherapy as specialists try to keep the disease at bay . but doctors said they were pre-cancerous cells , and she was clear of the disease at the time . in june 2007 , she was diagnosed with breast cancer . ' in january 2007 i had muscle pains and a rash , ' the former beautician said . ' my arms and legs started seizing and my face , head , arms and upper torso became covered in a burning itchy rash . women with a significant family history of breast cancer may have an increased risk of getting the disease . a significant family history is defined by : women who inherit the faulty , or mutated , brca1 or brca2 genes have a 50 to 80 per cent chance of developing breast cancer during their lifetime . genetic tests are available to women who are likely to have a brca1 or brca2 mutation , or faults in two other genes called tp53 and pten . brca gene faults are more common in the ashkenazi jewish population , about 2.3 per cent of ashkenazi jewish women have a brca gene mutation . source : breast cancer campaign . ' between february and april i was in and out of hospital . ' in june i was diagnosed with cancer for the first time and also dermatomyositis , an autoimmune disease . ' i had iv chemotherapy used to treat both conditions , along with steroids to stop the dermatomyositis . ' after a few months of treatment , doctors told the mother-of-two she was in remission . ' i thought it was over , ' she said . ' i thought i had done my time and that was it . ' but cancer does n't have a social conscious . it came back . ' the disease returned again in march 2008 and october 2009 . both times she was treated with chemotherapy and went into remission with scans and blood tests coming back clear . then in 2010 , mrs hannigan was diagnosed with cancer four times and was treated with a mixture of chemotherapy and radiation . each time she went into remission . but the cancer returned in 2011 and she received six months of chemotherapy . again she went into remission . but again , it returned in 2013 . ' this was the worst , ' she said . ' i got a tumour in my skull and needed 50 bouts of radiation . ' i could n't move my head . it was awful . ' mrs hannigan said she wrote to see her through it the long hours of radiation . she has had a successful career as an author writing such books as driving home for christmas and the secrets we share . ' currently the cancer is gone – but i 'm having chemo every three weeks as a precaution , ' she said . ' cancer does n't get any less scary . ' the words , `` it is breast cancer '' are never easy to hear . ' all the cancer is classed as breast cancer as this was the primary source – the place where it first started . ' each time i was diagnosed it was in my lymph nodes in the area around my neck , shoulder , underarm and or the back of my head . mrs hannigan said : ' cancer does n't get any less scary . ' the words , `` it is breast cancer '' are never easy to hear . ' she said she is no better than anyone else at beating cancer , rather treatments have improved . ' each time i found the cancer myself in the form of lumps just under the skin . i go to the doctor and am treated . ' then i have scans and blood tests and it is clear . i am in remission . ' my husband , cian , 41 , and i crack open the champagne . ' but the cancer comes back . ' she said she was no better at beating cancer than other people , rather treatments have improved . ' and i should know , ' she laughed . ' sometimes i wonder , `` why i have had it nine times when some people get it once ? '' ' there 's no reason . ' her son , sacha , 15 , and daughter , kim , 13 , will be offered the opportunity for testing when they are 18 . ' but it 's their choice , ' she said . ' whatever happens i will be there for them . ' mrs hannigan has teamed up tanorganic , the world 's first eco-certified self-tanning brand , to raise money for cancer research . from every bottle sold in waitrose , tanorganic will donate 35p to cancer research charities . 