ultimately , bristol city were never destined to become the first football league club to win promotion this season at deepdale , even though they are inching ever closer . swindon’s win over peterborough meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship , but almost as importantly they made sure preston wouldn’t make any ground on them in the top two . three points at bradford on tuesday will do the trick - only that standing in their way now . it would take something to go seriously awry for the robins not to be returning to the second tier after a two-year absence , and they did their job well enough to prevent any late scares in the north west . bristol city striker aaron wilbraham celebrates his 63rd minute goal against preston at deepdale . preston ( 3-5-2 ) : johnstone ; clarke , king , wright ; humphrey ( wiseman 84 ) , welsh , johnson , gallagher , laird ; beckford ( davies 90 ) , garner ( robinson 84 ) . subs not used : stuckmann , kilkenny , woods , little . bristol city ( 3-5-2 ) : fielding , ayling , flint , williams ; tavernier , k.smith , pack , freeman ( elliott 90 ) , bryan ; agard ( emmanuel-thomas 82 ) , wilbraham . subs not used : richards , cunningham , osborne , saville , wagstaff . a six-minute rendition of ‘f*** off swindon town , you are staying down’ rang out of the gleeful away end at deepdale - populated by 2,400 - as that return got ever closer . city had dispensed of their rivals on tuesday night , hammering them 3-0 , and took great delight in revelling in their triumph . it was an afternoon whereby neither side played with any nerves - there are reasons why these two occupy the automatic promotion places - although lacking a fluidity you would perhaps expect . there was an illusion of this being an open game , but the two five-man midfields shattered that . jermaine beckford came closest for the hosts , his smart overhead kick just flying wide , while the out of sorts daniel johnson blasted way over . joe garner felt he should’ve been awarded a penalty after being clattered by frank fielding . steve cotterill , knowing results elsewhere dictated they could still clinch elevation by five o’clock , clearly put a rocket up his free scorers at the break . before then they had threatened from free-kicks , managed to get into decent positions , but didn’t threaten nearly enough . wilbraham got on the end of james tavernier’s wicked cross from the right , but his shot was superbly tipped onto the bar by sam johnstone . kieran agard failed to stretch far enough to convert from two yards shortly afterwards . preston were on the ropes , their biggest crowd in two years growing restless immediately after half-time . that was until jermaine beckford popped up , five yards out , to send deepdale delirious just before the hour mark . paul gallagher picked up on lapse defending to take control of the situation inside the away box , firing across goal for beckford to sweep beyond fielding . at that stage , it took simon grayson’s side seven points ahead of mk dons - drawing at port vale - in third . but they only managed to hold the lead for four minutes , aden flint intelligently flicking a header towards the middle of the six-yard box for wilbraham to power home in front of the travelling band from the west country , his 20th of the season . grayson will be frustrated at the way in which his side switched off from a routine set piece . this could’ve been a day they made the title race very interesting indeed . as it was , agard forced johnstone into another decent save , diving down to his right to tip wide on the angle , as cotterill’s side searched for a winner . that did not come , despite substitute jay emmanuel-thomas’ best efforts . the ice is stored away , but not for long .  