dante de blasio , the son of new york city mayor bill de blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including ivy league universities yale and brown , sources close to gracie mansion said . the mayor 's son , who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school will make his decision by the end of the month , leaving de blasio in a situation familiar to millions across the country . despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in brooklyn , de blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son 's elite education . proud family : dante ( left ) with his father , new york city mayor bill de blasio , his mother chirlaine mccray and sister , chiara outside their home in park slope , brooklyn . ' there 's going to be a big challenge in figuring out financial aid and visits and all sorts of stuff , ' said mr. de blasio to the new york times last week . but while dante 's choice of college is obviously a private matter , how his parents - as champions of the underprivileged - will fund it , is obviously of public interest . indeed , the almost prohibitive cost of college for some in the united states is often pointed to as a failing of democratic politicians and their policies . however , with a salary of $ 225,000 and his daughter , chiara , already enrolled at santa clara university in california , de blasio has a good case for financial aid . ivy league : dante has been accepted into yale ( left ) and brown ( right ) universities and will make his decision at the end of the month . home for the moment : the de blasio family moved into gracie mansion on the upper east side of new york city late last year . harvard : $ 68,050 . university of pennsylvania : $ 66,800 . columbia : $ 63,440 . yale : $ 63,250 . dartmouth : $ 60,201 . brown : $ 59,428 . princeton : $ 58,965 . cornell : $ 47,286 . indeed , her annual tuition , room and board fees come to $ 55,000 a year and if dante was to attend yale , that would come to in excess of $ 60,000 . faced with more than $ 100,000 a year in tuition fees , the mayor may not find himself disqualified from seeking aid said mark kantrowitz , the publisher of edvisors.com , which works in financial aid . ' when you have colleges that are charging 50 , 60 , $ 70,000 a year , everybody is going to struggle to pay for college , ' he said to the new york times . however , kantrowitz admitted in the case of the mayor he is talking about the 1 percent of top earners in the country . de blasio and his wife chirlaine mccray received $ 52,200 in rent from a park slope , brooklyn , home his mother lived in and the family home also in park slope they left last year rakes in $ 4,975 a month . combined , the two properties value is $ 2.8 million . however , regardless of how the de blasio 's pay for college , dante appears to be a strong candidate . he is a champion debater and counts political philosophy his favorite subject according to the new york times . 