this is the shocking moment a six-year-old girl fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator at a shopping centre in malaysia . cctv footage captured the tragic moment little nurhayada sofia , who was out shopping with her mother , suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors . she was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries . scroll down for video . this is the shocking moment nurhayada sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator at a shopping centre in malaysia . the heartbreaking accident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband musa who had called to check how she and his two daughters were . nurhayada is seen in the video playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator with her five-year-old sister at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu , malaysia . she then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes . the six-year-old was out shopping with her mother and sister at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu , malaysia . nurhayada can be seen in the cctv footage playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator . stunned bystanders at the busy shopping mall rush to the edge and peer over in shock . her distraught father musa told the star : ' we were still arguing when i heard a commotion and the line was cut . ' minutes later , my wife called back to say that nurhayada was dead . i just could n't believe it . ' her mother was said to have been inconsolable and said : ' i made a mistake and my daughter is dead . ' an investigation has been launched by police and the fire service are looking into whether the mall has breached safety regulations . nurhayada is expected to be buried in her father 's hometown in muar . the youngster , whose mother was on the phone at the time of the tragic accident , appeared to have been dragged up onto the rail . nurhayada then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes as stunned bystanders at the busy shopping mall rush to the edge and peer over in shock .