a contestant on the south african version of big brother has been expelled from the show after being accused of raping a fellow housemate . siyanda ngwenya , known as adams , allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying in the house in johannesburg . the pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling in bed before the cameras moved away . ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman , whom mailonline has chosen not to name . however , the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex . expelled : siyanda ngwenya ( pictured ) , a contestant on the south african version of big brother , has been accused of ' sexual misconduct ' with a female housemate after drunken night of partying on the show . in a statement last night , mzansi magic , the channel which airs big brother , said : ' at this stage , it is not exactly clear what transpired between ( the woman ) and adams . ' having suspected that there may have been an incident of sexual misconduct , mzansi magic acted by removing both individuals from the house . ' the company said the alleged victim had been ' removed for her own well-being ' and that both contestants were receiving counselling , it was reported by iol news . it is not yet known whether police have been called into investigate the alleged incident , which took place on saturday night when alcohol is made freely available to the housemates . intimate : the pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling before going to bed together where the alleged rape took place . ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman . all current contestants have been barred from speaking to the media . some fans of the show have questioned the woman 's claims . fan @ loazg tweeted : ' okay , where are these rape allegations coming from now peeps , the misconduct by adams was not revealed , so where is ths coming from ? ' another , @ refilwemaingo , wrote : ' there was no rape . ( the woman ) n adams had sex drunk . ( the woman ) woke up n said she forgot . ' rumours on social media suggest the alleged victim has made a claim of rape at a police station , but this has not been confirmed .  