a man accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex because he liked ‘ gummy ladies’ claims he was just trying to ‘help’ them . new zealander philip lyle hansen , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . on wednesday a wellington district court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman , 47 , who was in a relationship with hansen during the 1990s . the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , told the court she never consented to hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ‘afraid’ to say anything . crown prosecutor sally carter warned the jury that during the trial they would hear evidence about hansen 's ‘ fascination or obsession with them [ women ] not having any teeth’ . new zealander philip lyle hansen , 56 , is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex . ‘ he liked his women without teeth , ’ ms carter said in her opening address , the new zealand herald reports . the court watched a video form 2012 of the woman talking about how hansen allegedly held her against a car door and removed six of her bottom teeth , using an oily rag to stop the bleeding , during sex . she later had all her teeth removed and replaced with dentures , but when her wisdom teeth started coming through hansen allegedly removed them with a screwdriver . ‘ he had a screwdriver in his hand , he then tilted my head back ... after that he had grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums to try and get out these wisdom teeth , ’ she said in the video . a woman , 47 , has claimed hansen ' grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums ' . during cross-examination defence lawyer mike antunovic said the woman had let hansen pull out six teeth from her lower jaw and that hansen was just trying to help the women , not hurt them . ‘ so after he pulled out the first tooth ... the second tooth , the third tooth , the fourth tooth , the fifth tooth , the sixth tooth ... you did n't ask him to stop ? ’ said mr antunovic . ‘ no , ’ replied the woman , who said she had been drinking that night but was not heavily intoxicated . the lawyer said the woman had not objected to hansen extracting her teeth with pliers . ‘ you opened your mouth to allow him to put the pliers in , ’ said mr antunovic . ‘ i would not just freely open my mouth to a pair of pliers , ’ said the woman . hansen 's lawyer said the woman had not objected to hansen extracting her teeth with pliers . ‘ well , you did n't shut your mouth . you did n't tell him to stop , ’ said the lawyer . the woman told the court she could n't , saying ‘ i had no choice’ . mr antunovic suggested hansen had been trying to help the woman when he tried to remove her emerging wisdom teeth with a screwdriver after she complained about the problems they were causing her . ‘ do you think philip was trying to help you , in his own way ? ’ he said . ‘ not really , no , ’ said the woman . hansen was arrested in december 2012 . the trial continues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .