a passionate truck driver has posted a five-minute plea online in a bid to encourage australians to attend an anzac day memorial service . geelong man trevor vale took to his social media account on tuesday while on a long-haul trip from darwin to melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen , after becoming frustrated at the lack of interest from australians in paying respect to the anzacs . in the video , which has been viewed over 800,000 times , mr vale calls on australians to make it their business to attend an anzac day service and show the anzacs the respect they deserve . scroll down for video . passionate truck driver trevor vale ( pictured ) has pleaded with australians to attend an anzac day service . mr vale , whose wife fought as a soldier in timor and afghanistan , posted the video online from behind the wheel of his truck . while listening to the radio , he heard a podcast questioning australians on their plans for the public holiday . while a small number of people admitted that last year they made their way to a dawn service , many australians made up excuses for not attending a memorial , claiming it was too wet or it was too early to get out of bed . mr vale was furious at their responses and made the video in an attempt to persuade them to honour their ancestors who fought so bravely for them . ' men and women went overseas to fight for our country so we could live the way we live , ' mr vale said in the video . ' then we get people making piss-poor excuses about why they can’t go to the dawn service , one hour of your friggin day . ' the issue is close to the truck driver 's heart as his wife fought as a soldier in timor and afghanistan . mr vale revealed in the video that his wife ' was not making tea ' while she was in timor and afghanistan , but she actually was ' walking around with a rifle ' and put her life on the line for her country . 'i’m lucky my wife came home and i thank every day for that , ' mr vale said . ' a lot of people did n't come home , a hell of a lot of people did n't come home and a lot of people that did come home maimed and injured mentally scarred for life – what about their families ? ' speaking to the today show , mr vale said he is inspired by his wife 's service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country . mr vale is on a mission to never let australians forget their heritage . the truckie was driving from darwin to melbourne when he made the video . his ramblings were shared by friends and soon became viral . ' to have someone who 's willing to put their time and all their effort into serving our country with the dedication that she did - it 's an inspiration , ' he said . ' you do n't have to agree with why they go over there , but when someone so close goes over there you 've got to be inspired by it . ' mr vale said it was tough when his wife was overseas as their children were very young but pleaded with australians to go to at least one service . 'it’s only respect that you go to an anzac service . if you can’t make the morning one go to a midday one – just go to one , ' he said . trevor vale was driving from darwin to melbourne when he made the inspirational video . mr vale said he ca n't understand why people refuse to take one hour out of their lives to honour their ancestors . the video has been viewed over 800,000 times on mr vale 's facebook page . 'don’t make excuses why you can’t go , find a reason to go , take the kids . we’ve got to make anzac day live on , we can’t let it die . ' ' get your a**e out of bed and go to an anzac day service . don’t let anzac day die . come on australia get with it , ' he finished off with . comments have flooded his facebook page with many people applauding the man for standing up for what he believes in . ' thank you for making me teary at work . so proud of your wife and how you are proud of her , ' one friend said . ' good on you for having the courage to say what you believe in , ' another person said .