arrest : rachel lehnardt , 35 , allegedly threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter . a mother-of-five threw her teenage daughter a party , played naked twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom , authorities have said . rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . the details of the drunken party emerged when lehnardt met with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor last friday and told her about the wild party . the sponsor then contacted authorities . she told the woman that her children , who are aged between four and 16 , were with their father when her oldest daughter texted her to ask if she could bring over some friends . lehnardt allegedly responded : ' come on , let 's party ' , wjbf reported . when the teenagers arrived , she allegedly allowed them to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her home , before she played naked twister with them in the living room . while the youngsters continued playing , she allegedly went into a bathroom and had sex with an 18-year-old man , the sponsor told authorities . when she returned , she brought out sex toys and started to use them on herself in front of the teenagers , she told her sponsor , augusta crime reported . party : the mother-of-five allegedly played naked twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom . she later had sex with her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend . she later went to bed alone and around 3.30am , she awoke to find someone having sex with her , she told her sponsor . ' she stated at first she thought it was the 18-year-old from earlier , but then realized it was the 16-year-old who was in fact her daughter 's boyfriend , ' lehnardt 's sponsor told deputies . the daughter told her mother she felt guilty because the boyfriend 's 10-inch penis was so large she could not have sex with him , and he needed to have sex with her mother instead . while the incident sounds as if the 16-year-old raped the mother , sheriff 's spokesman captain steve morris said there was no evidence of a crime and no charges are pending against the boy . no sexual crime charges have been filed against lehnardt because 16 is the legal age of consent . lehnardt also allegedly told the sponsor that she had shown her daughter explicit photos , including of lehnardt having sex with her boyfriend . the sponsor said that the mother has also previously spoken about being a porn addict . scene : she allegedly threw the party at her home in evans , georgia , pictured , and lost custody of her children after the incident . she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . following the incident , an emergency custody hearing was held and she lost custody of her five children , who are aged four , six , eight , 10 and 16 , wjbf reported . at their meeting last week , the sponsor asked lehnardt how long she had been sober and her future plans for sobriety , and the mother told her about losing custody of the children days before . after their meeting , the woman , who was only recently assigned to sponsor lehnardt , contacted the columbia county sheriff 's office and the mother was arrested on saturday . she has been released from the columbia county detention center after posting a $ 3,200 bond , according to the columbia county news-times . according to online profiles , lehnardt crafts and paints dolls . the children 's father is in the military . lehnardt was arrested after sharing details of the incident with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor , who then went to authorities . as part of the aa 's 12 step program , members write a list of incidents they feel guilty about and confide in their sponsor about the acts ( known as the fifth step ) . the person is then required to make amends for past wrongdoings , as long as doing so does not cause harm to others . while there is an expectation of anonymity at meetings , there is no guarantee , and experts recommend exercising caution when detailing crimes , according to the fix . aa literature simply states that ' anonymity provides protection for all members from identification as alcoholics ' . the main ' understanding anonymity ' booklet does not mention safety from disclosure of a crime and there have been multiple cases of aa members being convicted of crimes , including , murder after confessing to their sponsors . but there has also been some debate over whether the confessions can be used in court . in 2001 , a 1995 murder conviction was thrown out after it was ruled that a killer 's confession to fellow aa members was constitutionally protected and should n't have been used against him . the decision was reached after the judge deemed the 12 step program had religious undertones , meaning that the members engaged in religious activity , which is constitutionally protected .