a group of eight-year-old children in new jersey have written letters to convicted cop killer mumia abu-jamal , wishing that he will ' get better soon ' while recovering in hospital from a mystery illness after being encouraged by their teacher . the cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators , many of whom claim the 60-year-old 's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention . abu-jamal , who shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 , was taken to hospital on april 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy . but this week he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange , new jersey and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union . ' get well soon ' : third graders in orange , new jersey , and high school students in the philadelphia student union have sent mumia abu-jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week . delivery : johanna fernandez ( right ) , a professor of history at baruch college , delivered mumia abu-jamal a batch of letters from two different schools in hospital . he is pictured here also with ( from left ) abdu jon and pam africa . ill : mumia 's supporters say photos of the prison journalist released this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is . untreated diabetes is said to be the reason for abu-jama 's hospitalization last week . the letters were delivered by johanna fernandez , a professor of history at baruch college , according to education action group news . ' we shared a touching moment with mumia in an effort to raise his spirits , ' fernandez reported . ' two teachers delivered letters to us that their students had written to mumia . ' ' it had been a long time since we had seen mumia smile . ' he chuckled as he read excerpts from these touching letters . ' the letters themselves or what they said were not released . however the fact they were written and then sent has infuriated many . richard costello , political coordinator for the philadelphia fraternal order of police , said the letters set a dangerous example . ' i think its both alarming and outrageous that any teacher would use a group of innocent seven-year-olds to promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder , glorifying hatred and glorifying violence , ' costello told fox news . ' he shot ( the officer ) in the back and then as the officer lay slumped against a wall helpless he leaned over and shot him between the eyes . ' when he was in the hospital he actually bragged about it . ' controversial : marylin zunig , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , had her third graders wrote letters to mumia abu-jamal . the letters have subsequently sparked outrage . costello said all the teachers involved in the letter writing campaign should be fired . ' furthermore all the parents who have children in that school system need to reevaluate that involvement , because these children are now placed in danger by the very people charged with their education , ' costello said . ' they are being used as tools in someone 's twisted agenda . ' costello has previously described abu-jamal as ' the devil ' . the official reason the convicted killer was hospitalized has not been released . however reports say he was suffering high blood sugar levels . attorney bret grote with the pittsburgh-based abolitionist law center said last week that his client was placed in the critical care unit of schuylkill medical center in pottsville , pennsylvania . grote says neither he nor abu-jamal 's brother , keith cook , had been allowed in to see him . ' we 're concerned , about as concerned as it gets , about mumia 's health , ' grote told the philadelphia inquirer . hospitalized : convicted cop killer mumia abu-jamal was placed in the critical care unit of a pennsylvania hospital last week after collapsing in prison . a pennsylvania department of corrections official also declined to provide details . a spokesman for pottsville 's schuylkill medical center says he had no information about abu-jamal . ' we never discuss an inmate 's medical condition , ' deputy press secretary susan bensinger told the inquirer . mumia 's hospitalization was revealed monday when a group of his friends arrived to the state correctional institution at mahanoy for a visit and were informed by prison staff that he was n't there . while grote and others had permission with the prison to visit mumia , the hospital had not yet cleared them . grote said he hoped the matter would be cleared up by tuesday . abu-jamal is a former black panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner . treated : lawyers with pittsburgh-based abolitionist law center say prison officials told them their client was being treated at pottsville 's schuylkill medical center . his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he 's the victim of a racist justice system . mumia 's death sentence was overturned in 2012 . abu-jamal supporters include celebrities like whoopi goldberg , and many hail him as a revolutionary . abu-jamal has written several books , hosted his own radio show and even has a street named after him in france . mumia abu-jamal ( left ) is a former black panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner ( right ) . his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but his death sentence was converted to life in prison in 2012 . 