a new study has suggested the oral contraceptive pill could shrink parts of the brain that govern a woman 's emotions . for the 100 million women worldwide on the contraceptive pill , the side effects are familiar . mood swings , headaches and nausea , while more serious complications include blood clots and breast cancer . but scientists in california have added another potential cause for concern to the check list . their new study has found the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of the brain , changing the way they function . the findings suggest the synthetic hormones found in the pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function . furthermore the ingredient is thought to suppress the natural hormones that occur when women take the pill . neuroscientists at ucla examined the brains of 90 women , 44 of whom took the pill , and 46 who experienced natural cycles . they found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception . the lateral orbitofrontal cortex plays an important role in regulating a person 's emotions and their response to rewards . as a result the changes noted by researchers could , they say , be responsible for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the pill . meanwhile the posterior cingulate cortex governs the ' internal state ' , or inward-directed thought , helps process emotions and retrieve memories . nicole petersen , the study 's lead author , told the huffington post : ' some women experience negative emotional side effects from taking oral contraceptive pills , although the scientific findings investigating that have been mixed . ' so it 's possible that this change in the lateral orbitofrontal cortex may be related to the emotional changes that some women experience when using birth control pills . ' researchers said they do not yet know if these changes to the brain are permanent , or if they only last while a woman is taking the pill . dr petersen said more research is needed , but added that this study is the first step . the latest study comes five years after research by the royal college of general practitioners revealed pill-users have a 12 per cent reduction in their risk of developing cancer . scientists at ucla found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception . they believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women taking the pill . the researchers studied 46,000 women across four decades , and found those on the pill were less likely to die of cancer , heart disease or stroke . it contradicts past studies that have linked the pill to breast cancer . the risks associated with taking the pill are increased if a woman smokes , has a family history of thrombosis , is severely overweight , diabetic , has a high blood pressure or high cholesterol level . the study was published in the journal human brain mapping .    