comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours . there comes a time in a woman’s life when beach holidays just don’t cut it any longer , when lying on golden sands ( unless you’re buried up to your neck ) serves only to remind you how much weight you forgot to lose again this year and how ill-fitting your swimming costume is . being control freaks , most fifty-something females find ‘ doing nothing’ a bit boring – after all , there are only so many hours one can spend on a kindle , and woman can not live by fiction alone . this is the time when the ‘ alternative holiday experience’ tickles your holiday tastebuds and you find yourself looking at brochures for nordic cruises . excellent ! everyone looks fat pointing at a fjord while wearing an aran jumper . but apart from choosing chilly destinations such as the arctic or scarborough , your other non-lolling-about option is the ‘ activity holiday’ , which can range from pilates to kayaking , or painting to pottery . yes , i’ve crossed over : the world is divided into those who still want to ‘ give it large’ in ibiza , and those who want to find their ‘ inner artist’ . an excursion to venice one day provided inspiration for the budding artists . i’m in the latter camp – and i’ve got the paintings to prove it . over the past year , i have found enormous pleasure , not in shoe shops , but in the haberdashery department of peter jones , or any shop that supplies art materials . i’ve developed a yearning to be creative . i wanted to do something in my spare time that saved my sanity , lowered my blood pressure ( without going to the gym ) , soothed my soul and , with any luck , provided some cheap christmas presents . cooking has never been my thing , i’m an enthusiastic but rubbish knitter , but i did do a-level art , so i decided i fancied being taught how to master watercolours while simultaneously having a holiday somewhere nice . bingo ! last autumn i found myself spending a week in treviso , just outside venice , with a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks . now before i go any further , i have to warn any single ladies that if you’re looking for hanky-panky , the italian painting/cooking holiday combo may not provide rich pickings . with the exception of the painting tutor , scotsman hugh , and my other half geof , we were middle-aged women to the core . fabulous , hilarious , slightly eccentric middle- aged , middle-class women with plenty of pashminas and photos of dogs on our iphones ! jenny stayed at the villa bianchi , a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both treviso and venice . for seven days , we painters were patiently guided by hugh through the basics of sketching , paint technique , colour and form , while the cooks stayed in the kitchen making our meals . i know who picked the short straw . but then , as they say , it’s horses for courses . the cooks wanted to chop vegetables into smithereens , while we artists wanted to sit in a medieval market town with a paintbrush in one hand and a glass of prosecco in the other . of course , it wasn’t all work . two days into the break , our holiday operator flavours herded us all into minibuses and took us to venice . like schoolchildren with credit cards , we roamed the most beautiful city in the world and came home , inspired by its mind-boggling loveliness , with lots of photos to copy into our art books back at our base , villa bianchi . staying in treviso , just outside venice , jenny stayed in a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks . although it was in the middle of nowhere , the farmhouse was comfortable , surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both treviso and venice . the grounds were meticulously kept and the garden featured a very attractive landscaped pool . being the only couple , geof and i had a separate annexe to ourselves . it might have looked a bit garage-like from the outside , but inside it was large and comfortable and contained a small kitchen ( handy if the cooks in the main house aren’t up to scratch ) . accommodation in the main villa was simple but stylish , whistle-clean , and with lots of bold splashes of colour and squishy sofas . outside , a covered colonnaded area meant we could paint outdoors even when the weather turned . in terms of relaxation , the holiday ticked all the right boxes – geof and i had a completely stress-free break , and other people did the cooking . how marvellous is that ? there was no need to feel anxious about restaurant bills as the food and drink were entirely inclusive , even when went out on day trips to venice and treviso . as for our artistic endeavours , geof cheated , having been at art school in the 1960s . heavenly backdrop : church of santa maria della salute at dusk , venice , just one of the venetian sights that provided inspiration in the historic city . he quickly became the teacher’s pet , which was slightly infuriating ( although secretly i was rather proud of him ) . and me ? well , i definitely found my inner artist . unfortunately she’s a bit gaudy and rather heavy-handed on the colour front , but if you like your paintings slightly vulgar , then i’m happy to take commissions ( prices on application ) . so , well done to flavours . thanks to you , a ratty , tired old couple came home with a some rather special holiday memories . now , i’m not saying that any of mine are going on the wall , but a couple of geof’s might make it into frames . in the meantime , i’m still doing it . my palette , brushes and delicious selection of multi-coloured pans ( the little blocks of paint ) are always to hand . i love the ritual of it . i like the way my breathing slows down when i have a brush in my hand . i might not be very good at painting but painting is very good for me . flavours ( flavoursholidays.co.uk , 0131 343 2500 ) offers a seven-night full-board painting in venice break from £1,599pp , including wine with meals , five days of tuition , excursions , and £100 towards flight costs . british airways ( ba.com ) offers return flights to venice from heathrow , gatwick and london city from £77pp . 