former redgum frontman john schumann has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song , i was only 19 , at one of saturday 's reclaim australia rallies . the songwriter , who penned the 1983 anthem , said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness . but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies , which aimed to oppose ' sharia law , halal tax and islamisation ' . scroll down for video . former redgum frontman john schumann ( pictured front centre ) has slammed protesters for using his song , i was only 19 at a reclaim australia rally . a youtube video shows i was only 19 being performed at reclaim australia 's gold coast protest . saturday 's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group 's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups . after footage of schumann 's song being played surfaced , the singer released a statement on sunday to condemn its use . he said i was only 19 was written to help people understand the plight of vietnam veterans . saturday 's reclaim australia rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group 's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups . schumann said his songs were about promoting tolerance , compassion and inclusiveness . ' i am very , very disappointed to see my work co-opted by what i , at my most charitable , consider to be a very confused `` patriotic '' movement , ' schumann said . the song honours all australians who have put themselves in harm 's way for their country , he said . ' it is not to be used to advance ignorance and intolerance , especially as we approach the centenary of anzac , ' schumann said . there were several arrests at the rallies , including three in melbourne where more than 3,000 people clashed in federation square and blocked surrounding streets . controversial politician pauline hanson was on hand at the brisbane protest at king george square ( pictured ) . more than 3,000 people clashed in melbourne 's federation square ( pictured ) and blocked surrounding streets . hundreds of police formed barricades to separate protesters but scuffles still broke out and some people were treated by paramedics for minor injuries . earlier on sunday , federal opposition leader bill shorten said there was no excuse for the violence . ' there 's no place for violence in any protests or any expressions of freedom of speech , ' mr shorten told the nine network . he also said any suggestion that muslims were planning to bring sharia law to australia was exaggerated . ' it was 50-60 years ago people said that the irish catholics or the catholics were trying to take over the joint - and that was n't true either , ' mr shorten said . 