lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night . matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near provodnikov 's left eye early in the second . provodnikov ( 24-3 ) put matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth before matthysse ( 37-3 ) regained control in the fifth . he continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep provodnikov at bay , giving him room to dodge the russian 's powerful left hook . lucas matthysse celebrates after his win against ruslan provodnikov at the turning stone resort casino . provodnikov ( right ) lands an uppercut to the head of matthysse despite having a cut opened up early on . provodnikov ( 24-3 ) put matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth before matthysse ( 37-3 ) regained control in the fifth . he continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep provodnikov at bay , giving him room to dodge the russian 's powerful left hook . provodnikov landed several punches in the later rounds but could n't knock down his argentine opponent down , although he did stagger matthysse in the 11th . ' he did , he hurt me , ' matthysse said through a translator . ' but i was able to withstand the onslaught . he 's a very tough fighter . he 's very strong . he just keeps coming forward . ' don ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114 , but glenn feldman and john mckaie both scored it 115-113 in favor of matthysse . ' to me , he was better today , ' provodnikov said through a translator . ' he was the better man in the ring and , you know , it was a close fight but he won and i hope everybody enjoyed it . ' the night 's undercard was quickly decided when patrick teixeira ( 25-0 , 21 kos ) won with a second-round knockout of patrick allotey ( 30-2 ) in their middleweight bout . provodnikov admitted that matthysse was better than him on the day in the majority decision win . matthysse said he just wanted to rest but talked up a fight with floyd mayweather or manny pacquiao next . the sell-out crowd then had to wait more than an hour for the main event , watching the tv feed of terence crawford beating thomas dulorme for the vacant wbo junior welterweight title in austin , texas . wbo president paco valcarcel tweeted he would like to see crawford defend his title against matthysse , but the argentinian had his sights set higher . ' for right now i just want to rest , ' matthysse said . ' i got my daughter , my family waiting for me back home . i want to rest . i want to go back there and see them so much and let 's see what happens with ( manny ) pacquiao and ( floyd ) mayweather . ' matthysse and provodnikov prepare to hug at the end of their fight on saturday night in verona , new york . 