what would high fashion adverts look like if the designers used real women , rather than teenage models or celebrity faces , to showcase their latest clothing and beauty lines ? photo stylist nathalie croquet , from paris , has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project spoof . the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne . in the images nathalie has recreated the adverts completely , from the clothes the model wears , to the poses , make-up , hair colour and surroundings . scroll down for video . lancome : nathalie croquet a photo-stylist from paris created a photo series called spoof in which she recreated the ads of famous designers and brands . natalie said : ' spoof is an artistic project of 11 photos , we did an exhibition in february in paris with my pictures in a big size . ' i had the idea in october and we worked on it for two months . i have worked in the fashion business as a photo stylist for magazines and advertising for 25 years . ' so i am the person who has ideas for ad campaigns . it was a strange idea for for me to be on the other side of the camera ! ' during the course of her career nathalie has worked with over 200 different photographers on various campaigns . elevenparis : in this image a smiling nathalie emulates the pose kate moss adopted for the french brand . lanvin : the series of pictures took two months to create and nathalie said it was interesting to be on the other side of the camera . nathalie said that the project helped her to understand her job on a deeper level : ' by changing role i discovered my craft from another angle . ' she said that she hoped the humour in the images would provide people with the opportunity for , ' laughter and reflection . ' she told buzzfeed : ' i don’t really see myself . you know , like how you don’t recognize your voice in a telephone message ? ' eric bompard : just like the real life adverts nathalie 's pictures were retouched , for example her eye colour was changed to blue for this eric bompard-inspired shoot . acne studios : nathalie copied the hair , make-up and poses from the original shots . she continued : ' i feel people need a more spiritual approach to life , and good fun . i’m happy to give them that , even if i’m just making fun of myself . ' daniel schweizer the photographer who shot the images said : ' most of the time we look at advertising images without analysis , without fully perceiving the extent that they have been worked on . ' changed clothes and accessories , digital retouching , skin cleansed , faked decor , body stretched ; it is only when we take a closer look at these images that we get the full measure . their apparent simplicity is the result of a huge job . ' isabel marant : for this shoot only nathalie 's boots were different from those worn by gisele bundchen in the real thing . the brazilian supermodel posed on the floor in this black and white isabel marant advert . for the project nathalie had her hair and make-up professionally styled so that her look completely resembled that of the famous models in the advertising images . her make-up was done by cyril nesmon whilst rodolphe farmer styled her hair . and just like the real adverts the images were retouched by emilie holtz and worked on by alexandre plicque-gurlitt . sonia rykiel : nathalie recreates this shot with a similar looking background to the one used in the original . voltaire : nathalie says that she hopes that her pictures will make people laugh and reflect .