ronny deila has warned television broadcasters to stop messing around scottish football fans . the celtic boss leads his side into a scottish cup semi-final with inverness at hampden on sunday with a 12.15 kick-off . and after a week of turmoil and complaints – from clubs and supporters – over the unhealthy sway television has on kick-off times , deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong . ronny deila will take his celtic side to hampden park for the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the match will take place at 12:15 , a time that scottish football fans do not agree with . ' i think tv is an issue that i do n't like in terms of the kick-off times , ' said the norwegian . ' it should not be tv that controls football – it should be the opposite . ' it should be about the supporters and the clubs so that they can make money by getting people into the stands - because that is what we live for . ' i understand the economics of it are so important and that television takes over and take control . ' but i do n't like that . it 's not the best for people who like football . ' the spfl sparked a furious row this week when they put back the final rangers game of the season by 24 hours for broadcast on sky sports – sparking outright fury from hibernian and hearts . celtic players train at lennoxtown in preparation for sunday 's crunch match against inverness . deila ( right ) believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times , rather than broadcasters . both capital clubs have lodged formal complaints over the governance of the game , with chief executive neil doncaster under pressure ahead of a stormy spfl agm on thursday . at the heart of the problem is the growing fury of fans at being messed around with late changes to kick-off dates and times to facilitate broadcasters offering scottish football a tiny fraction of the billions paid to english clubs . none of celtic 's post-split fixtures will be played on a saturday at 3pm , forcing season-ticket holders from ireland and england to cancel or alter their travel plans . ' there are different traditions in different countries , ' added deila . ' in norway , we had the best time , which is six o'clock on sunday , but now they are doing different times . ' in the end , you do n't know when games are going on . ' it 's so hard to plan the weekend with the family and also get to the games . ' if saturday at 3pm is the best for scotland then we should play more at that time . a celtic scarf displayed outside celtic park shows fans ' desire for deila to win them the treble this season . ' i would also rather play at six in the evening than 12 in the morning . ' i think football should be played at night because then you get a better atmosphere into the arena . ' addressing concerns that celtic are being affected more than most through large gaps in the stands , deila acknowledged : ' it 's a big problem for us . we need supporters to come to the games . we need interest and television needs it , as well . ' if there are no people in the stadiums then it will be more boring to watch . ' i do n't like it that television is telling us when we are playing . we want to set the time ourselves . ' communication is very important here . it 's the same when i am talking with peter lawwell . i want certain things and he wants his things . we both put our points across hard and then we compromise . ' i think it should be the same between the clubs and television . there has to be give and take . ' in this matter , we do n't have much of a say . we have to play most of our games at 12 o'clock and that 's not the best for our supporters . ' supporting the view of hearts , hibs and rangers that the decision to play the final game of the championship season 24 hours after the rest was foolish and contrary to ' sporting integrity ' , deila added : ' in my opinion , in the last two rounds of matches every team should play at the same time so you ca n't play knowing other results . ' 