robbie knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in butte , montana - the town his daredevil father evel knievel helped make famous . knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles , police said . no one was injured . after the crash , knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte-silver bow undersheriff george skuletich . in court : robbie knievel , pictured in court on wednesday , was arrested for dui in montana after crashing into another car on tuesday evening and setting off a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars . officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol , but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample , the montana standard reported . knievel was booked into jail . on wednesday , he made his initial appearance in justice court . he has been in the area , where he has family , for a couple of weeks , authorities said . skuletich says knievel invoked his rights to an attorney but did n't give officers a name . the son of the famous daredevil evel knievel has previously admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to dui in south dakota in august 2013 . like father like son : robbie is pictured jumping 21 hummers at texas motor speedway in june 2008 . icon : american daredevil and entertainer evel knievel poses for a portrait before a stunt in 1976 . in that incident , he drove his vehicle into two motor homes as he left a campground and a blood-alcohol test suggested he was nearly three times the legal limit . he received a suspended jail sentence and paid nearly $ 600 in fines . his driver 's license was also suspended for 30 days . following the arrest , he spoke with ' tmz live ' and admitted that he had an alcohol problem . ' i 'm a frickin ' drinking , driving daredevil , ' he told the show . ' i ride motorcycles and i friggn ' drink and ride … that 's my deal . ' they also asked him how he would feel if he hurt someone while he was behind the wheel . ' i should n't be drinking and driving 'cause i could kill somebody , ' he said . ' and you know what , it would be better if i killed myself . ' together : the two knievels are pictured together in 2006 - the year before evel passed away , aged 69 . knievel appeared in his father 's stunts as a child and has continued working as a daredevil in his own right , while his older brother , kelly , overseas the knievel brand . among his most famous stunts , robbie knievel , a father-of-two , jumped over the grand canyon in may 1999 - succeeding where his father had failed years earlier . to complete the jump , which was televised by fox , he soared 228 feet ( 69 meters ) across a narrow part of the canyon on his a 500 cc motorcycle . evel knievel , who famously jumped lines of cars and buses , and attempted to hurdle sharks , canyons and anything else , passed away in 2007 , aged 69 .