support : kai windsor , now 10 , with his mother rachel . like most boys , he always preferred football to dolls . but kai windsor started life as a girl – and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body . christened kaia , he would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around . by four , he refused to wear dresses – and at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness around girls . by nine , he had finally broken the truth to his mother rachel , 37 , telling her : ‘i’m really a boy . ’ now , at the age of ten , kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a woman . miss windsor , from cheltenham , gloucestershire , said : ‘ as a toddler , kai only wanted to play ball . as a girl , he had no interest in any dolls and made a beeline for boy’s toys . ‘ and as soon as he began school , he only wanted to wear trousers as the other boys did . soon after , i noticed he went red whenever girls were around . ’ kai is not alone in facing gender problems . the number of transgender referrals to the nhs for children under 11 has quadrupled since 2009 . like many parents in her situation , miss windsor had never heard of children facing such issues . but the single mother , who runs a health juice business , said kai had ‘ amazing support’ from his primary school . he was given counselling when his schoolwork started to suffer , and later decided to confront the issue head-on . ‘ they were the ones who suggested kai should have counselling , ’ she said . ‘ then when he came out as transgender , they sent a letter out to all the parents in his year to explain he now wanted to be referred to as a boy . ‘ staff then held a special lesson for all the year to explain about being transgender . and now they are even in the process of building unisex toilets to make life easier for kai and other children like him . ’ kaia pretty in pink , aged four , pictured left , and dressing up as a pirate , at five , pictured right . when kai was born there was no outward sign he was anything other than female . miss windsor , who also has a daughter jasmine , 16 , from a previous relationship , said : ‘ as a toddler i usually put kaia in dresses and bought her lots of dolls . meanwhile , as her blonde hair grew , i put in pigtails . it simply never occurred to me she wouldn’t be as feminine as her sister . ’ she added : ‘ looking back kai knew then he was a boy . he had no interest in dolls , preferring to play with a football . and when we were out he’d head straight for the boy’s section in shops , asking for spiderman toys . ’ at seven , kai wanted his hair cut shorter . but his grades started suffering and he was later given counselling at school . within a few weeks , his behaviour and schoolwork improved and last year he officially became transgender after telling his mother one morning . transgender kai is now happy in his skin at last and is now set to undergo hormone treatment . meanwhile , his grades immediately improved . ‘ once people stopped referring to kai as a girl and he could just be the little boy he wanted , he was so much happier , ’ she said . kai is now set to have hormone treatment to curb puberty . if at the age of 16 , he wants to complete the full transition to an adult man , he will be offered gender reassignment surgery . miss windsor added : ‘ there have been plenty of tears . it is hard to see your child going through such turmoil . but whatever happens i will always be there to support kai . ‘ and right now it is just a wonderful relief to see him happy in his own skin at last . ’ 