england 's dressing-room brains trust will take on an extra dimension if zafar ansari , the surrey spin-bowling all-rounder , makes his international debut against ireland in malahide on may 8 . the 23-year-old ansari , who celebrated his call-up with four essex wickets at the kia oval , graduated from cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology . he is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south , and plays the piano to a high level . it 's fair to say he would be england 's most academically gifted cricketer since ed smith – another cambridge double first – won three test caps in 2003 . surrey 's zafar ansarihas been called up to england 's odi squad for the clash against ireland . the left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia one day . ' i think my surrey team-mates enjoy having someone to talk to about things they do n't think about or talk about necessarily , ' ansari told sportsmail . ' i try to use the studies to avoid taking cricket too seriously . i think cricket is a sport , and is n't that important in the grand scheme of things . my studies and cricket are tools for each other , and i do try to see them in those instrumental ways . ' ansari , part of a young england squad picked with the 2019 world cup in mind , opens in four-day cricket for his county , but bats in the middle order in limited-overs matches , bowls accurate left-arm spin and is an athletic fielder . england almost chose him for the test tour of the caribbean . james taylor will captain england against ireland . ' playing in dublin would be nerve-wracking because of the exposure , ' he said . ' but when it comes to one-day cricket , i feel the gap between international and county cricket maybe is n't as big as between test cricket and the second division . ' ansari 's rise was accelerated by his five-wicket haul for cambridge mccu against surrey back in 2011 , when he removed kevin pietersen for 30 and helped the students to a 10-wicket win . pietersen , now a county team-mate , was going through a difficult patch against left-arm spinners , but ansari insists the pair have not spoken about the dismissal . ' it 's never come up , ' he said . ' i do n't know if it was a touchy issue for him at the time , but it was a touchy issue in general . anyone could have got him out – it just happened to be me . ' ansari spent three weeks in sri lanka over the winter with england performance programme , where he talked about the art of left-handed batting with adam lyth and gary ballance , and life as a spin bowler with stephen parry , adil rashid and adam riley . he is juggling his time between playing for surrey and writing up his dissertation at london 's royal holloway . he does n't rule out a phd or a career in academia . if so , he would follow the path of his father , khizar , who hails from lahore in pakistan , settled in england in his teens because his own father was an engineer in the british army , and was awarded an obe 13 years ago for his work on race relations . zafar 's english mother is a historian . between now and may 8 , the dissertation may have to wait its turn . ' i 'd love to give it a go with england , ' he said . ' things can happen quickly . a couple of good performances and it starts to snowball . ' lewis gregory . a promising seam bowler who can bat a bit , the 22-year-old gregory emerged through the ranks of devon cricket before joining somerset . took 43 championship wickets last season at an average of 26 . has also captained england under 19s . david willey . northamptonshire 's seam-bowling all-rounder was man of the match in the final of the 2013 domestic twenty20 tournament . son of former england all-rounder peter , he celebrated his call-up with a typically hard-hitting fifty against leicestershire . he 's a left-armer too , which is all the rage after the world cup . his county captain alex wakely reckons he 's ' the northants botham ' . sam billings . an explosive keeper-batsman at kent , the 23-year-old billings thrashed 458 runs in last season 's royal london one-day cup at an average of 114 and a strike-rate of 154 . made england 's provisional 30-man world cup squad when craig kieswetter withdrew because of an eye injury . 