ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with hull ... swansea city vs hull city ( liberty stadium ) . team news . swansea . swansea will make a late check on ecuador winger jefferson montero before hull 's barclays premier league visit to the liberty stadium on saturday . montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan spurs midfielder tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty and might not play again this season . swansea 's jefferson montero ( right ) suffered a muscle strain during ecuador 's 1-0 defeat by mexico in a los angeles friendly on saturday . midfielder leon britton and defender kyle bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks and have been added to the swansea squad . provisional squad : fabianski , naughton , fernandez , williams , taylor , cork , ki , shelvey , routledge , sigurdsson , gomis , tremmel , rangel , amat , bartley , fulton , britton , montero , dyer , emnes , oliveira , grimes , king . hull . mohamed diame and james chester will make their long-awaited returns to the hull squad for saturday 's trip to swansea . gaston ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty . mohamed diame scores a goal for hull against crystal palace earlier in the season , but the midfielder has n't featured for the tigers since early december . tom huddlestone is suspended while nikica jelavic and robert snodgrass ( both knee ) remain sidelined . provisional squad : mcgregor , harper , davies , dawson , mcshane , robertson , bruce , chester , elmohamady , livermore , diame , meyler , quinn , hernandez , aluko , ramirez , n'doye . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : swansea 5/6 . draw 12/5 . hull 7/2 . referee : andre marriner . managers : garry monk ( swansea ) , steve bruce ( hull ) . head-to-head league record : swansea wins 28 , draws 16 , hull wins 23 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . swansea city have not lost back to back premier league home games since january 2014 . hull city have won just one of their last 14 premier league away matches ( w1 d6 l7 ) . the tigers have won none of their seven premier league matches against fellow “city”s this season ( w0 d3 l4 ) . hull have won four and lost just one of the last seven league meetings with swansea . no side in the premier league this season have averaged fewer touches in the opposition box per game than swansea ( 16 ) and hull ( 15 ) . swansea have seen just seven players score for them in the premier league this season and their top goalscorer ( bony – nine ) is no longer at the club . swansea are looking to record a league double over hull having beaten the tigers 1-0 in december thanks to a ki sung-yueng ( right ) goal , who here celebrates his winner with team-mate jonjo shelvey . hull city have won just three points ( d3 l5 ) in the eight games that nikica jelavic has missed this season . they have scored just five goals in these matches . since the start of 2013-14 , ahmed elmohamady has fired in 412 crosses from open play in the premier league ; 89 more than any other player . hull have conceded 12 goals from outside the box this season in the premier league ; more than any other side . the tigers have attempted just 95 shots ( excl . blocked ) away from home this season in the premier league ; fewer than any other side .