john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night . the magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form . amid accusations of the team ' playing with their flip-flops on ' , united have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from . it is unlikely to arrive at anfield , a venue at which they last won in 1994 . they were beaten 1-0 by north-east rivals sunderland seven days ago – a performance carver labelled ' embarrassing ' – and there was a showdown meeting at the club 's training ground this week in which the head coach let his feelings be known . john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday . carver , though , is hoping that personal pride will kick in when they travel to merseyside . ' before they go out my message will be simple – ' you have a point to prove , but prove it for yourself , not for me , not for anybody else , but for yourself . you owe it for yourself ' , ' he said . ' the meeting we had on wednesday was non-negotiable . we 've had meetings in the past where i like a two-way dialogue . ' but i got a few things off my chest and it was probably the first time i 've been mr nasty . ' after the meeting we trained and there was a great response . that hurt me a little bit because i wanted to see that on sunday . but at least i got something from them . ' carver said this week that owner mike ashley has promised to invest in the squad this summer and a major overhaul is expected – out-of-contract players such as jonas gutierrez , ryan taylor and sammy ameobi will be released , while the likes of yoan gouffran , cheick tiote , moussa sissoko and papiss cisse are also expected to move on . newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league . moussa sissoko ( left ) , vurnon anita ( centre ) and massadio haidara ( right ) at a training session . however , the promise of such renovation has done little to appease fans who are organising a boycott ahead of next sunday 's visit of spurs . carver , in fairness , is caught in the middle of what is a toxic relationship between supporters and the club 's hierarchy . and the 50-year-old admits he has been on the receiving end of criticism from fans . ' i have to accept what people say . as long as it is done the right way and in a constructive manner , i can accept that , ' he said . newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's tyne/wear derby by jermain defoe 's stunning volley . carver has now seen his newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . ' it would be easy to say , ' i 've had enough , thanks ' . i 'm not going to do that and i have still got my enthusiasm . ' i ca n't hide from what happened on sunday , and i wo n't hide from it . what i wo n't take is abuse , and certainly none of my family will take abuse . ' but i wanted to give this a go because i did n't want to have any regrets . i believe in my own ability and i believe if i have got the tools then i could do a good job and a successful job . '