the u.s. army sergeant who left his post in afghanistan and was held by the taliban for five years was found to have be ' going over to the other side with a deliberate plan , ' according to a former military intelligence officer . lt. col. anthony shaffer said on fox news ' the o'reilly factor on monday night that bowe bergdahl ' had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban . ' the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation into bergdahl's activities . scroll down for video . bowe bergdahl , the u.s. army sergeant who left his post in afghanistan and was held by the taliban for five years was found to have be ' going over to the other side with a deliberate plan , ' according to a former military intelligence officer . the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of bergdahl's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to uzbekistan . ' he had made contact with local afghans and wanted to be moved to uzbekistan and then made contact with the russians because he wanted to talk to russian organized crime , ' shaffer told o'reilly . ' clearly he was not all there relating to what he was doing . i think we 're going to see more and more , as this report is made public that there were a number of disconcerting things within bergdahl . ' lt. col. anthony shaffer ( pictured ) said on fox news ' ' the o'reilly factor ' on monday night that bowe bergdahl ' had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban . both are very severe ' . he said the ncis investigaiton , which included interviews with squad mates , indicated that bergdahl made contact with an afghan in an attempt to prepare for his departure . bowe bergdahl will face charges under articles 85 and 99 of the uniform code of military justice . ' desertion with intent to shirk important or hazardous duty ' : article 85 charges a soldier with desertion if he ' quits his unit , organization , or place of duty with intent to avoid hazardous duty or to shirk important service . ' it can carry a death sentence but the military wo n't seek that option in the bergdahl case . maximum sentence : 5 years in a military prison plus reduction in rank , dishonorable discharge and forfeiture of pay . ' misbehavior before the enemy by endangering the safety of a command , unit or place ' : article 99 charges a servicemember with running away from a fighting enemy , throwing down his weapons , abandoning his platoon or other fighting unit , or otherwise purposely failing ' to do his utmost to encounter , engage , capture , or destroy any enemy troops , combatants , vessels , aircraft , or any other thing , which it is his duty so to encounter , engage , capture , or destroy . ' maximum sentence : life in a military prison plus reduction in rank , dishonorable discharge and forfeiture of pay . army officials announced thursday that his article 32 hearing will be held july 8 at fort sam houston , texas - he is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy . that proceeding is similar to a civilian grand jury . from there , it could be referred to a court-martial and go to trial . his attorney says bergdahl was trying to find a u.s. general officer to report a disturbing situation when he left his combat outpost . eugene fidell , the attorney leading bergdahl 's defense , said in a letter released this week that the army major general who investigated bergdahl 's capture in afghanistan found he did not intend to remain away from his base permanently . bergdahl disappeared in june , 2009 from a combat post in paktika province in eastern afghanistan and was captured by the taliban . he spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress members and some members of his unit . after an investigation of the circumstances of his capture , bergdahl was charged this week with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy , counts that could lead to life in prison . documents released by his defense lawyers suggested the tack they may take in defending bergdahl . the papers also included a statement from bergdahl about his attempts to escape from his taliban captors and his beatings while a prisoner . in a march 2 letter to army general mark milley , who was responsible for deciding how to proceed with the case , fidell said an investigation by an army major general had concluded that bergdahl did not plan to desert . ' while hedging its bets , the report basically concludes that sergeant bergdahl did not intend to remain away from the army permanently , as classic ' long ' desertion requires , ' fidell wrote . ' it also concludes that his specific intent was to bring what he thought were disturbing circumstances to the attention of the nearest general office , ' he added . bowe bergdahl , shown before his handover to us troops in may 2014 . fidell declined to elaborate further on friday . bergdahl was released in exchange for five taliban leaders held at guantanamo bay . they were sent to qatar and had to remain there for a year . some u.s. lawmakers were angered by bergdahl 's release because they were not given 30 days notice before the transfer of the guantanamo prisoners , as required by law . some fellow soldiers also said he had deserted . ' while many americans have taken a broader and more sympathetic view , the depth and breadth of the current hostility to sergeant bergdahl are extraordinary and have enveloped the case with a lynch mob atmosphere , ' fidell said . ' taliban five ' : the terror leaders traded for bergdahl were ( top , from left ) : abdul haq wasiq , khirullah said wali khairkhwa , mohammad nabi omari ; and ( bottom from left ) : mohammad a fazl , mullah norullah noori . he faces up to life in prison if convicted of misbehavior before the enemy . a former platoon-mate of bergdahl told daily mail online that bergdahl is trying to win a public-relations battle with new claims about his defense strategy . cnn reported based on a pentagon leak , that bergdahl told army investigators he left his forward operating base in 2009 so he could report ' a breakdown in discipline and order ' to military higher-ups – not with desertion in mind . ' this is clearly just a stunt to build sympathy before they go to trial , ' said retired sgt . jordan vaughn , who spoke for the first time since the army announced bergdahl would be court-martialed . ' no logical person would ever take the actions he undertook for the reasons he is now saying , ' vaughn told daily mail online . he said the claim broadcast by cnn is ' ridiculous , ' and that the army 's decision to charge bergdahl with desertion is ' in direct conflict ' with any claim that he intended to be a whistle-blower . cnn reported that a defense department official said bergdahl had ' concerns about leadership issues at his base . ' he needs to be held responsible for what he did , for abandoning his post , for abandoning his platoon , for putting thousands of american soldiers , marines and the whole united states military , thousands of members , in more danger , putting us into spots we would n't already have been in , had he not walked away , ' he said . president barack obama announced the return of bergdahl on may 31 , 2014 in a white house rose garden press event as the soldier 's parents jani ( left ) and bob ( right ) looked on . vaughn also noted that his decision ' cost the us multiple soldiers ' lives , five taliban pows , and the incredible monetary expense of searching for him . ' however , both cornelison and buetow , who have left the us army , stopped short of demanding that sgt bergdahl face prison . ' i do n't want to ruin his life , ' said buetow . ' he does need to be dishonorably discharged , have all his ranks taken away , and he does not need to receive any benefits or back pay . ' he added that he was proud the military had reached its decision despite the fact it would heap further pressure on the obama administration for negotiating with the taliban over a man accused of deserting . ' you ca n't get around the fact this makes some people look bad , ' he said . but they had little sympathy for sgt bergdahl 's account of being beaten and tortured during his time in taliban captivity . ' he would n't have been put in that position , he would n't have been tortured , he would n't have been put through all that hardship if he 'd never walked away , ' said cornelison . the punishments suggested by the veterans are within the range open to the court . it can reduce him to e-1 , forfeit his pay and give him a dishonorable discharge . 