a bitter fast food war has erupted in italy after a mcdonalds ' advert , which claimed italian children preferred happy meals to pizza , caused so much offence chefs are now threatening legal action . restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation , the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world , for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court . the row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza . scroll down for video . the advert has italian chefs in uproar , as it appears to claim that italian children prefer happy meals to traditional pizza . the advert opens in a traditional italian restaurant where the young italian boy appears bored by the pizzas . a top pizza chef described the advert ' blasphemy ' and the true neapolitan pizza association has accused mcdonald 's of a ' shameful ' attack . the mcdonald 's spot shows a waiter in a traditional pizza restaurant asking a small boy , who is peering at a menu with his parents , which pizza he would like . he replies he wants ' a happy meal ' , and the camera then pans to a shot of the family sitting in a mcdonald 's with his meal . at the end of the advert a voice says : ' your little boy had no doubt . ' massimo di porzio , vice president of the true neapolitan pizza association in naples , said : ' we 've had enough of them making money at the expense of children 's health . ' our legal team is looking at the possibility of legal action to put an end to this shameful attack on a symbol of the mediterranean diet . ' it is not the first time and it will not be the last time mcdonald 's has tried to attack our cultural traditions but this time we are intent on taking action , which , if we win , will allow us to invest in courses to help educate children about food . ' eduardo pagnani , owner of the famous pizzeria brandi in naples , said it was ' blasphemy ' to suggest children preferred hamburger . riot police had to protect mcdonald 's branches in 20 italian cities when demonstrators flung raw meat at stores in 2000 . eduardo pagnani , owner of the famous pizzeria brandi in naples , said it was ' blasphemy ' to suggest children preferred hamburgers . he stormed : ' do n't ridicule pizza , it is quality food and the best known in the world , ' mcdonald 's claimed that probably all the great chefs in naples had brought their children to the restaurant chain and they had not meant to attack italian food culture . it is not the first time mcdonald 's and italian foodies been at odds over their menus . riot police had to protect mcdonald 's branches in 20 italian cities when demonstrators flung raw meat at stores in protest at the growth of massive food companies in 2000 . in 1986 a huge demonstration against the location of a new restaurant at the spanish steps in rome led to the formation of the world famous slow food movement . even the waiter , whose italian restaurant is slammed in the ad , appears delighted with the child 's choice . 