the inventor called it the baird televisor and , although most people scoffed , he believed it had potential . and , notwithstanding a few improvements to the original down the years , it seems scotsman john logie baird was on to something . now one of the earliest ' televisors ' – dating from a time when few could see any possible use for the machine – is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction . early model : the picture appeared in the opening on the right - the tv is now being sold at an auction . it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird ( pictured ) first demonstrated a working tv system . this forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 – two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system – and has the serial number 258 . the wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube . that is not to say it is capable of picking up sky or bbc channels – even with a set-top box . however , the television , built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families with deep pockets , represents a key milestone in the birth of modern mass media . it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by auction team breker in cologne , germany . the lot is one of the highlights of the milestones of telecommunication sale on saturday – and , fittingly , it uses the type of technology pioneered by men like logie baird that will allow bidders to take part in the auction live from anywhere in the world . smart tv : the televisor has been restored - it was built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families . the televisor was the first receiver sold in britain . around 1,000 were made by english company plessey and cost about £26 – a four-figure sum today . the poor quality picture was tiny – little bigger than a postage stamp – and it was impossible for more than one person to see it at a time . a rotating aluminium disk with square pinholes ' scanned ' light from a neon lamp , which varied in brightness depending on the information transmitted by the tv station . also going under the hammer are the first fax machine and a prototype colour television set . in january 1926 , helensburgh-born logie baird demonstrated a viable television system before 50 scientists using mechanical picture scanning with electronic amplification at the transmitter and receiver . the image could be sent by radio or over ordinary telephone lines , leading to the historic transatlantic transmissions of television from london to new york in february 1928 . that year he also achieved the first television transmission to a ship in mid-atlantic . in 2011 , a 1936 set by logie baird – bought for almost £100 three weeks after transmissions began – sold at bonhams for £16,800 . the machine had a 12-inch screen contained in a walnut and mahogany case , with the picture being reflected onto a mirror that opened from the top .