a new york city tattoo parlor at the center of a vh1 reality series just got a serving of drama - but not the kind that makes for good publicity . a woman from south carolina is suing harlem tattoo parlor black ink , claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain . the harlem tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , which has had three seasons . scroll down for video . scarred : asabi barner , 37 ( pictured ) , is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her scarred . the damage : barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on vh1 . in pain : barner said she trusted the artists , but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later . asabi barner told pix 11 that she visited new york last year and decided to stop by the parlor to get a new tattoo to cover up a unicorn and horseshoe piece that she got when she was 18 . she said she had watched the parlor 's reality show and trusted the artists , who specialize in tattooing on dark skin tones . barner left the shop happy with her ' phenomenal ' new chest tattoo of fruits and vegetables to represent her career in the culinary industry . reality stars : the owner and artists at black ink tattoo star in their own vh1 reality show , black ink crew . but the next day she was still in pain and then noticed that the tattoo started to puss and ooze in the area around her left breast . back home in south carolina , barner asked a local tattoo artist what was wrong and the artist said that her skin had been ' overworked ' in an attempt to bring out a white color in the tattoo . she also went to a plastic surgeon to see if the tattoo could be remedied , but the doctor said any procedure would only leave a bigger scar . more than a year later , barner says she has to apply a ice pack to the tattoo every day to relieve the burning and itching pain . photos of the botched tattoo show barner 's chest covered in raised scars that have left her uncomfortable in her own skin . ' in the intimate moments it creates a problem because you don’t have that confidence . i wasn’t overly confident before , but i felt good about myself . felt good about my body , but it just changes you , ' barner told pix 11 . barner is currently in the process of suing black ink , claiming the shop is responsible for her pain through reckless , careless and negligent behavior .  