olivier giroud 's barclays premier league player of the month award makes the french the league 's outright most successful foreign nationality , with the arsenal striker becoming france 's 16th winner of the accolade . giroud netted five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month as arsene wenger 's side took all 12 points on offer to claim the award for march . and in doing so he joined a long list of his compatriots to be ranked as a month 's best player in the english top flight , alongside the likes of thierry henry , eric cantona and nicolas anelka . olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march after his run of form . thierry henry collects the award for april before a match at highbury in may 2000 , one of four wins for him . david ginola was the first french winner of the award , claiming it while at newcastle in august 1995 . august 1995 : david ginola , newcastle . march 1996 : eric cantona , manchester united . april 1998 : emmanuel petit , arsenal . december 1998 : david ginola , tottenham . february 1999 : nicolas anelka , arsenal . april 2000 : thierry henry , arsenal . august 2001 : louis saha , fulham . august 2002 : sylvain wiltord , arsenal . september 2002 : thierry henry , arsenal . february 2003 : robert pires , arsenal . january 2004 : thierry henry , arsenal . april 2004 : thierry henry , arsenal . november 2008 : nicolas anelka , chelsea . march 2010 : florent malouda , chelsea . december 2010 : samir nasri , arsenal . march 2015 : olivier giroud , arsenal . giroud 's prize sees his country edge out holland as the most successful nation in terms of player of the month awards , beaten only by the native english on home territory . much of that success comes down to giroud 's club , arsenal . they have provided 10 french winners with henry , anelka , emmanuel petit , sylvain wiltord , robert pires and samir nasri have all won it while in north london . former arsenal striker henry is the top frenchman was four awards , trailing only steven gerrard ( on six ) , wayne rooney and alan shearer ( both five ) , and sitting in good company , level with cristiano ronaldo , dennis bergkamp , frank lampard and paul scholes . ' i 'm really pleased with it , ' giroud told arsenal 's official website after winning the march prize . ' i would like to thank my team-mates and of course the fans , because it 's a collective sport and i could n't do it on my own . ' it 's a great honour to have been selected as player of the month , especially because we wanted to bounce back from the champions league disappointment . manchester united 's french forward eric cantona was named player of the month in march 1996 . emmanuel petit is pictured with another frenchman , arsene wenger . he won the award in april 1998 . nicolas anelka won the award twice : with arsenal in february 1999 and then with chelsea in 2008 . louis saha 's performances for fulham saw him crowned as the month 's best player in august 2001 . england - 88 . france - 16 . holland - 15 . spain - 8 . republic of ireland , wales - 6 . portugal - 5 . argentina , nigeria - 4 . brazil , italy , scotland , trinidad and tobago - 3 . belgium , bulgaria , czech republic , finland , ghana , russia , senegal , sweden , uruguay - 2 . australia , austria , bosnia and herzegovina , costa rica , croatia , germany , iceland , jamaica , paraguay , serbia , turkey - 1 . ' that 's what we 've done and we 've come back really strongly . we all want to finish strongly and this award will give me more confidence for the following games . ' giroud averaged a goal every 72 minutes throughout march , and his excellent levels of performance are no change for the french on english shores . aside from the arsenal contributions , ginola , louis saha , anelka ( for chelsea ) and florent malouda have all been named as the player of the month at some point during their spells in england . spanish , irish , welsh , portuguese , argentine and nigerian players have all done well too , but every country aside from england and holland have , at most , half the number france have . and to make the point of their dominance even more , look to european rivals germany . they have had just one winner , the first : jurgen klinsmann in 1994 . sylvain wiltord 's early season form saw him claim the player of the month prize in august 2002 for arsenal . another frenchman playing for arsenal , robert pires , was a winner in february 2003 at highbury . florent malouda was the second of two french winners coming from chelsea when he won in march 2010 . samir nasri 's time at arsenal ended acrimoniously but he was the player of the month in december 2010 . 