george and amal clooney have returned to italy to celebrate her birthday with a three-day , star-studded party , it has been reported . the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on lake como . the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney 's 37th birthday in february , according to a source . scroll down for video . amal and george clooney are understood to have invited friends to their lake como home for a belated celebration of her 37th birthday . stella mccartney sleeveless marine embroidery dress . get a similar style at neiman marcus . visit site . by now we 've all realized that amal clooney has a closet full of designer clothes for every day of the week . the british barrister cut a striking figure back in march when she attended an event with her husband , george clooney , in this stella mccartney dress . the sleeveless shift featured a see-through mesh design on both sides showing just a hint of skin but still keeping it classy . the form fitting silhouette highlighted amal 's slim physique . unfortunately this style is all sold out , but you can get your hands on a similar option at neiman marcus by clicking right . as for alternatives , we 've got plenty in the carousel below . we 're especially smitten with the embroidered panels of the bcbg creation and the lace sleeves on the reiss number . keep the look simple with black heels and a box clutch and you 'll score major style points . bcbgmaxazria eloisa embroidered trim dress ( now $ 238.80 ) visit site . sugarlips blue belle embroidered dress at dillard 's . visit site . reiss cersei lace sleeve shift dress . visit site . sue wong sleeveless embroidered tulle dress at nordstrom . visit site . among celebrities expected to attend the exclusive event are mr clooney 's oceans 11 co-stars matt damon and brad pitt . the couple , who also have homes in los angeles and berkshire , married in venice in september . a source told the times that strict security measures were in place around villa oleandra , the couple 's lakeside home , ahead of the event . it comes after local italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy . earlier this month the mayor of laglio - the exclusive community in which the house is set - increased fines to 500 euros for anyone caught loitering around the property . strict security rules are in place ahead of the event , with local italian authorities warning that anyone caught loitering outside the couple 's home ( above ) will face fines of up to 500 euros . among guests rumoured to have been invited to the party is matt damon ( pictured at the clooneys ' wedding in september ) and brad pitt with wife angelina jolie ( right ) . denying claims he had introduced ' a clooney fine ' , mayor roberto pozzi said the rules were designed to avoid ' dangerous situations ' and ensure ' the circulation of boats in the lake ' . last summer a similar ' no go ' order was issued to prevent paparazzi boats from lingering in the vicinity . mr clooney , 53 , bought villa oleandra in 2002 for a reported 7.3million euros . he bought the adjacent villa margherita shortly afterwards . alongside their italian pile the couple own a sprawling berkshire manor house . they bought the mill house in sonning in 2013 for a reported £10.5million . mrs clooney , who works for the london-based law practice doughty street chambers , has recently taken on a lecturer post at new york 's columbia university . her actor husband has been seen filming scenes on the streets of new york for his forthcoming film , money monster . in the film mr clooney plays lee gates , a financial tv personality whose insider tips have afforded him a reputation as the money guru of wall street . mr and mrs clooney wed in september in venice . they are pictured arriving at the palazzo ca farsetti to take part in a civil ceremony . mrs clooney has recently accepted a post at columbia university in new york where she will lecture on human rights law . meanwhile her husband has been seen filming scenes for his forthcoming film money monster on wall street . 