the european union will today accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google+ social network . in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than £4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies . google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market . the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . but the ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the american search giant – means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to brussels . margrethe vestager , the eu 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules , according to the financial times . google 's competitors , including the computer giant microsoft and sites such as travel booking firm expedia and tripadvisor , claim that its method of promoting its own companies above rivals on its search site stops them competing on a level playing field . and in a further blow to google , the eu is also expected to probe google 's operating system for android smartphones . the investigation will centre on whether google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps , such as youtube . google has previously rejected the allegations , and insisted that android is an open platform that is distributed for free . margrethe vestager , the eu 's competition commissioner , will today serve google with a formal charge sheet . after charges are issued , google will have ten weeks to reply to brussels , according to the financial times . they will also get the chance to argue their case in a formal hearing . the investigation into google began in 2010 but was repeatedly delayed because the commission could not agree on settlement terms . google offered three settlement proposals to resolve the case . most recently , just over a year ago , it offered to give competing products and services bigger visibility on its website . however europe initially accepted that deal , only to reverse the decision six months later and demand more concessions . vestager , europe 's competition boss who was the inspiration for the hit danish political drama series borgen , took over the job in november and vowed to take google on . insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the eu 's decade-long battle with microsoft , which ultimately cost the company £1.6 billion in fines . if google fails to rebut any formal charges imposed by brussels , the commission could impose a huge fine which could exceed £4 billion - about 10 per cent of google 's most recent annual revenue . the move will stop short of previous threats that the eu executive could consider breaking up google to separate its business from the search engine . google has faced searching antitrust questions across three continents for several years . but the latest move by the eu marks the first time the company has been accused of wrongdoing . the search engine is far more dominant in europe than it is in the united states – where rivals like microsoft 's bing enjoy a share of the market . and there has been fierce opposition to the dominance of google from many countries in the eu . in fact twenty complainants want the search engine to abide by strict rules than ensure it treats its own services the same as it would its rivals . more than two dozen european organisations have filed antitrust complaints against google . many are from powerful publishing groups and online firms in germany . they have previously called on the european regulator to force the american search engine to stop blocking competition in areas like online maps , shopping and travel services . and in france , lawyers have this week called on google to reveal its secret formula for ranking websites – but google argues such transparency would expose its business secrets to rivals and leave the search engine vulnerable to spam . google and the eu commission declined to comment last night . vestager 's department is also looking into the tax affairs of amazon , starbucks , fiat and apple . in a recent sunday times article she said big companies should pay more as they ' are part of our society . ' insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the eu 's decade-long battle with microsoft .