two fast and the furious-style crooks who stole £160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties have been jailed for more than 10 years . roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 properties over four months at the end of last year while the owners were asleep in bed . but after the duo left their dna at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested . roy day ( right ) , 29 , and gerard lundie ( left ) , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year . they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary . the crime spree began on september 18 last year when a citroen c4 and widescreen tv were stolen from a house in calshot road , great barr , birmingham . lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in erdington , birmingham but later let go . he was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle . he admitted driving the car but denied stealing it or having any knowledge of it being stolen . lundie was released on bail but continued to target properties in birmingham , warwickshire , staffordshire and shropshire . the duo stole a kia car from the drive of a property in castle bromwich , birmingham , on october 20 which was later found abandoned . forensic experts discovered lundie 's dna inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime . the pair drove an audi a6 ( pictured ) and a vauxhall astra from a driveway in oswestry , shropshire . favouring audis , day and lundie stole an audi a5 ( pictured ) from a house in cannock , staffordshire . another kia was stolen from the driveway in cooksey lane , kingstanding , birmingham in the early hours of october 26 . police enquires showed day was in the area at the time . the pair organised raids on four more homes in great barr , birmingham and one in atherstone , warwickshire , between november 15 and 20 . the court heard the crooks stole a citroen c3 , a kia and a nissan qashqai andforensic evidence recovered from one of the cars stolen was again linked to lundie . the duo stole a a nissan qashqai ( pictured ) through which he crime was again linked to lundie . days later , the criminals stole an audi a5 and a vauxhall corsa from a house in cannock , staffordshire . the corsa was later found crashed into a telegraph pole in streetly , staffordshire , and day 's dna was found on the driver 's airbag . lundie and day then targeted three homes in shrewsbury , shropshire between . two audi s3s were stolen in the burglaries with lundie 's dna linking him to the offences.the court then heard the pair drove an audi a6 and vauxhall astra from a driveway in oswestry , shropshire . they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court ( pictured ) after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary . both vehicles were later recovered nearby and lundie 's dna was found inside the astra . lundie , of no fixed address , was arrested the next day after he drove away from officers in kingstanding , birmingham . examination of lundie 's phone led officers to the identification of day from erdington , birmingham , as a suspect and enabled them to match his dna to the crime scenes .