cnn 's dr sanjay gupta has abandoned his journalistic duties to scrub up and perform brain surgery on a teenager in an overstretched hospital in nepal . the neurosurgeon , who is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday 's deadly earthquake , performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl , sandhya chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside . sandhya , who lives in a more remote area of the country , only reached kathmandu 's bir hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point , blood had collected in the top of her brain , cnn reported . scroll down for video . put to work : dr sanjay gupta ( second left ) , the chief medical correspondent for cnn , was asked by a nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15-year-girl who was injured in the earthquake . quick-thinking : gupta , center at the hospital , said the girl was just one of many people walking through the doors with head injuries at the overstretched hospital . more than 6,000 people were injured . ' i was asked to do this by the doctors there at the hospital , ' dr gupta said during a telephone interview with the network . ' i think they literally need another set of hands because the demand is so high . ' during the procedure , he was forced to used basic equipment , such as a saw rather than an electric drill , and sterile water and iodine from a bottle , rather than a proper scrub sink , he told cnn . following the operation , she is ' doing well ' , gupta said , ' but her story is unfortunately very typical ' . after the surgery , an eight-year-old girl arrived at the hospital needing a similar operation . more than 4,300 people are believed to have been killed in the earthquake , but nepalese officials have speculated that as many as 10,000 could have died . around 6,000 have been injured and are pouring into the hospitals , which are struggling to keep up with the demand . ' i 've seen a lot of situations around the world , and this is as bad as i 've ever seen it , ' gupta said . hurt : another child with a similar head injury , pictured , came to the hospital shortly after the operation . helping hand : as well as working for cnn , gupta is a neurosurgeon at emory healthcare in atlanta . ' they need more resources , they need more personnel here right now , and they 're expecting many more patients as these rescue operations go on . they 're barely able to keep up right now . ' as well as serving as cnn 's chief medical correspondent , gupta is a neurosurgeon at emory healthcare in atlanta . it is not the first time the married father-of-three , 45 , has performed surgery while on a reporting job . in 2003 , while covering the medical demands of the invasion of iraq , he performed emergency surgery on u.s. soldiers and iraqi civilians . and while reporting in haiti following the 2010 earthquake , he and other doctors removed a piece of concrete from a 12-year-old girl 's skull aboard aircraft carrier uss carl vinson . see below for video . 