a mummified monk who is believed to have lived for 102 years has become a major tourist attraction after he was put in a crystal display case sitting in the traditional lotus position of prayer . buddhist wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china 's anyang city . now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible , the people 's daily online reports . macabre attraction : buddhist monk wu yunqing was preserved at lingquan temple in anyang . records show that his parents died he was 15-years-old , leading him to run away to became a monk in shanxi yanan qing hua temple . when wu yunqing passed away his disciples placed his body in the lotus position and sealed it inside a large porcelain vase with cement . the body was later taken out and placed beneath a crystal glass cover in the wu yunqing memorial garden at linquan temple . then and now : buddhist wu yunqing , pictured left , looks remarkably similar 17-years after his death after he was mummified . self-mummification was a way to preserve a person’s body after death and was practised in various areas of the world including asia . earlier this year , mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in mongolia with experts estimating the human relic was 200 years old . the amazing mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in mongolia . mummified remains of a monk were also found encased in a buddha statue dating back to the 11th or 12th century after a ct scan and endoscopy were carried out by drents museum at meander medical centre in the netherlands . it led to hundreds of villagers signing a petition demanding the return of the relic which they believe was stolen in 1995 from spring village in eastern china 's fujian province . the mummified remains were discovered at the end of february after he took the statue to the museum in the netherlands to be restored . according to various chinese media , the dutch collector said he is willing to return the buddha statue if it is proved to be the one stolen from fujian . a buddha statue ( left ) containing a mummified monk ( right ) was stolen from a village temple twenty years ago , chinese experts believe . zhu guosheng , a mummification master who has preserved the bodies of dozens of monks since 1990s , told guangzhou daily that a large porcelain vase is the key to the success of the buddhist tradition . ' the process can be divided into resting the body in the vase , sealing the body in the vase and opening the vase , ’ said mr zhu . to help with the preservation , a variety of ingredients are put into the vase , such as ground lime , shredded wood , coal and sandalwood . the body is usually kept in the container for three years before being taken out . mr zhu said if it 's not rotten , then the deceased monk will potentially be wrapped under a layer of gold foil and turned into a statue .  