an honest taxi driver has made a friend for life after returning a bag a passenger left on the back seat of his car - containing £10,000 in cash . mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush , forgetting his rucksack . he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother - and on realising his mistake says he felt ' dazed ' . reward : taxi driver mohammed nisar ( left ) accepts a reward from sole trader adrian quinn after returning a bag the passenger left in his taxi containing £10,000 in cash . mr quinn , 46 , of hereford , said : ' losing that money would have been the end of my business . i was physically sick ! he realised he had left the bag in the car just seconds after mr nisar dropped him at the station . he added : ' i was walking across the car park when i realised i had n't got my bag and i panicked . i tried to flag down another taxi but they all had fares . ' i was sick . my body just went into shut-down and i did n't know what to do.. . i was just in a daze . if i 'd lost that bag it would have been the end of my business . ' we have built it up from nothing for the last nine years and we are sole traders . we do n't have the backing of banks . it is hard work , but it earns us a living . ' after eventually flagging down another cab the father-of-three arrived back at the taxi rank in a flustered state to find mr nisar sitting in his car with the bag safely on the passenger seat . honest cabbie : mr nisar believes ' honesty is the best policy ' and has returned a number of valuable lost items to passengers in the past . he said : ' i was very emotional . i said , `` do you know what was in that bag ? put it this way , it is not a box of sandwiches or a newspaper . there is £10,000 in there '' . ' mr quinn gave mohammed a cash reward to thank him - in an envelope marked ' to my best friend in the world ' - and has even invited him and his wife to his home for a family meal . mr nisar , 55 , said : ' he nearly had a heart attack , he was really worried ! ' he came up to me and asked if i realised what was in the bag . he was very , very thankful . he had just bought a car but forgot the bag full of money . ' it is not the first time mr nisar , who has been a self-employed taxi driver for 15 years , has found things in the back of his car . only two years ago one passenger left a wallet containing £150 in , but mohammed drove straight back to the man 's home to return it . new friend : mr quinn hands a cash reward to mr nisar in an envelope labelled ' to my best friend in the world ' . now , following his latest find , he is urging fellow taxi drivers to do the same if they find themselves in the same situation . mohammed said : ' at the end of the day honesty is the best policy . there are some drivers who do n't return things but what is the point ? ' if the council had not have called me and no-one had have claimed it after 12 or 24 hours i would have taken that bag straight to the police station . ' mobile phones are the most common thing left behind but most of them now can be traced anyway . ' my message is to encourage all my taxi driving brothers that if they find something valuable just give it back . '