when a one direction fan got the chance to wash niall horan 's clothes , she wanted to make the most of the opportunity to get up close and personal to the star . ashleigh sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters , and then decided to try them on for size herself . the 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt and posted it on twitter . she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy . scroll down for video . ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes and responded by trying on his polo shirt and posting a picture of herself wearing it ( left ) , next to a photo of the star wearing the same item ( right ) . the picture prompted a storm on twitter as fans criticised miss sokie , while others voiced their envy at her closeness to the singer . niall , an avid golf fan , has been in georgia this week for the us masters where he acted as a caddy for rory mcilroy . miss sokie was asked to wash niall 's clothes after the washing machine at the house he was renting in georgia broke . after washing the clothes she then promptly posted a picture on twitter of his boxer shorts and chelsea training kit , as well as a snap of herself wearing his top . miss sokie posted about the clothes on twitter and claimed to have taken niall 's underwear for herself . miss sokie also claimed to have tried on some clothes belonging to niall 's bodyguard , mark jarvis . along with the picture of herself wearing niall 's top , she also posted a picture of the star to prove they were wearing the same item . she wrote on twitter : ' my boss let me wash/wear niall 's clothes because his washer broke last night at his rental house in augusta . ' i got to fold his underwear and a few of mark 's shirts also . ' the fan posted a picture of niall 's clothes , which included his calvin klein boxer shorts , on twitter . some branded miss sokie ' creepy ' and ' disrespectful ' for trying on the star 's clothes , while others revealed a mix of anger and envy . samantha posted : ' who 's this girl wearing niall 's clothes ? turn on your location i wan na fight . ' ' i 'm absolutely horrified by the blatant violation of privacy by ashleigh sokie . completely disgusting & i hope something is done about this ! ' wrote stephanie . but others showed admiration for the fan . rubini torres added : ' everyone 's saying what ashleigh sokie did was unprofessional and disrespectful . well i 'd do the same given the chance . ' pinpin wrote : ' omg ! life goal . ' miss sokie was forced to take down her twitter account after being besieged by one direction fans . she also wrote on instagram that she planned to keep his underwear . horan has been in georgia this week for the us masters , caddying for world no 1 rory mciroy ( right ) . horan suffered an embarrassing fall ( left ) while caddying and also got the chance to play the game ( right ) . niall has been seen playing golf and acting as a caddy for his friend and world number one golf player rory mcilroy . in one embarrassing incident niall was seen falling while carrying mcilroy 's clubs on the course . he has also confirmed that in exchange for being his caddy , mcilroy has agreed to perform on stage with the boyband in boston in september . mcilroy is set to compete at the deutsche bank championship which occurs a few days after one direction play gillette stadium in massachusetts on september 12 - and horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage .   