arrest : tabitha bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight . a mother set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old girl , drove her child to meet her and then encouraged them to brawl , according to police . two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida . bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said . she is accused of sending a facebook message to the older girl on april 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl , according to an affidavit . she claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter . bennett allegedly drove her daughter to the area near moog street and colonial hills drive and left the car holding a folding knife . ' the 14-year-old victim advised she thought she was going to die when she saw the defendant with the knife , ' detective william orndorff wrote in his report . bennett allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight the girl , yelling at her , ' get on top of her ' and ' kick her a** ' , according to police . ' the defendant 's daughter was losing the fight at which time the defendant kicked the 14-year-old female on her upper left side and pulled her to the ground by her hair , ' the affidavit said . scene : she allegedly met the girl at this corner in new port richey before yelling at her daughter to fight . her teenage daughter then climbed on top of the girl and continued to fight her , according to the report . the fight lasted about a minute , according to the affidavit , and afterwards , two bystanders posted footage of the brawl to social media . when questioned by police , bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl - saying she may have kicked her own daughter instead , according to the affidavit . bennett was released from jail sunday on $ 10,500 bail . it was unclear monday whether she had retained an attorney who could be reached for comment .