geoff barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away , saying his band portishead were paid just £1,700 despite getting 34million plays . the founder of rock band portishead has waded into the debate over music streaming , saying that he received just £1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times . in a series of tweets geoff barrow , portishead 's founder and instrumentalist , attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ' especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply . he added that he has nothing against streaming , but wants musicians to be paid more , and says it is hurting young talent , stopping people from establishing themselves on the scene . barrow , who also runs the invada record label , told the times : ' you used to write a piece of music and people paid you to listen to it . ' yet for younger artists who just want to play rock and roll , by the time they get to a major label , all their rights will have been sold away . ' there will be not much meat left on the bone . you see these huge deals but will smaller bands be able to buy a ford galaxy to go on tour in if this is n't sorted out ? ' artists have long railed against the low royalties paid from streaming companies , leading to jay-z launching his own tidal service this month , promising bigger returns for musicians . pop megastar taylor swift and thom york , frontman of indie rockers radiohead , have also pulled their music from services such as spotify in protest . however , record companies have been quick to upload their music on to these platforms to prop up the collapse in cd sales after music moved online . barrow , who heads up record label invada as well as playing in portishead ( pictured ) , said he was not opposed to streaming technology , but was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal . streaming companies have also defended their practices , saying they offer artists a fair price in an age where music can be easily accessed for nothing . rihanna , madonna , beyonce , usher , daft punk , arcade fire , jack white and kanye west banded together to help launch jay z 's $ 20-a-month tidal streaming service last month , which aims to offer artists a better deal . the membership-based service will operate in a similar format to spotify , providing music and exclusive videos that users can stream on computers , tablets and smartphones or listen to offline . the ongoing row between artists , music labels and streaming companies lead to jay z launching his own service , tidal , which aims to give musicians a better deal . backed by a host of musicians such as arcade fire , daft punk , madonna , and alicia keys , jay z plans to charge £20-per-month for the service , and will give the artists a bigger share . unlike spotify there is n't a free service and users will have to pay $ 9.95 for standard sound quality or $ 19.99 for ' lossless high fidelity sound quality . ' tidal streams at 1,411 kilobytes per second - well above the 320 for premium subscribers of spotify , which offers lower levels for free users . speaking at the launch event , alicia keys said : ' our mission goes beyond commerce , it goes beyond technology . our intent is to preserve music 's importance in our lives . '