arsenal are only three signings away from winning the title and should start by pinching chelsea goalkeeper petr cech , according to former gunners midfielder ray parlour . cech is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench when arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday , having made only four league starts this season . jose mourinho 's men are 10 points clear going into the game this weekend but parlour believes signing cech in the summer can help arsenal overcome the blues next year . ray parlour believes arsenal moving for petr cech this summer would be a ' no brainer ' . the experienced keepers has made just four league starts this season for the blues . ' cech would definitely be on my radar if i was arsene wenger , ' said parlour , who was speaking at the boot camp stage of the people 's pundit , championed by carlsberg - the official beer of the england team and the premier league . ' cech has got that experience , he 's played in big games and he 's only 33 so he 's got plenty of years left in him . ' wojciech szczesny wants to play on a regular basis and you could still get good money for him , someone will buy him for around £6million . ' so it 's a no-brainer really . if you can get cech for around £10m and sell szcezsny for £6m , it 's a great deal for arsenal . ' the question is will chelsea sell to a rival ? i 'm not sure they will . ' arsenal can make it nine consecutive league victories with a win on sunday and the team 's strong finish to the campaign has given gunners fans hope for a more sustained title challenge next year . ' the summer window will be very important to what happens next season , ' parlour said . cech ( left ) has had to play second fiddle to thibaut courtois ( right ) all season . ' the spine of the team needs strengthening - i think they need a centre half , a central midfielder and a goalkeeper . ' alexis sanchez has had a brilliant season , he 's set the bar so high so early in his career that when he dropped off , it seemed like it was n't the sanchez we know . ' he has been amazing this season . if arsene wenger can get two or three players of his calibre this summer , there 's no reason why arsenal ca n't win the league next year . ' wenger has not come out on top against mourinho in 12 attempts and a win this weekend would be particularly welcome for the frenchman as arsenal look to cement second place . chelsea ground out a 1-0 victory against manchester united last time out and parlour expects the league leaders to be resolute again on sunday . parlour believes the gunners should sell wojciech szczesny in order to sign cech this summer . ' a draw is a perfect result for chelsea , ' parlour said . ' they 'll look to defend well and put in a solid performance so it 's up to arsenal to ask questions . ' with the pace they 've got , arsenal can test chelsea 's back four . ' john terry has been brilliant this year but he does sit off a bit deeper now to allow for his lack of pace and that might give more space in midfield . ' arsene will look at getting sanchez into those spaces and perhaps theo walcott will start as well . ' it 's a big , big game for arsenal . chelsea will win the league but there 's still a battle for second , third and fourth so it 's a bigger game for arsenal than it is for chelsea . ' : : the people 's pundit has narrowed down its search to five football fans in with a chance of winning their big break on talksport on the last day of the barclays premier league season . to vote for your favourite and find out which will win their big break on talksport , head to thepeoplespundit.co.uk £peoplespundit . carlsberg is the official beer of the england team and the premier league . 