russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying iran with an air defence missile system which could be used to protect nuclear sites . vladimir putin gave the go-ahead for the deal , with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the s-300 missile equipment ‘promptly’ . the move is likely to anger both the u.s. and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons . moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to iran in 2010 after the united nations imposed sanctions on tehran over its nuclear programme , barring hi-tech weapons sales . russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying iran with the air defence s-300 missile system ( above ) , which could be used to protect nuclear sites . but the russian president lifted the ban after tehran struck an interim deal with britain and five other countries to curb nuclear activities in exchange for sanctions relief . the framework deal , reached this month , intended to significantly restrict iran’s ability to produce nuclear weapons , while giving it relief from international sanctions . the negotiations have been heavily criticised by israel which has warned against iran having any nuclear activities . russia signed the £545million ( $ 800m ) contract to sell iran the s-300 missile system in 2007 , but later suspended their delivery because of strong objections from the u.s. and israel . vladimir putin ( above ) gave the go-ahead for the deal , with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the equipment . the contract to deliver the system was heavily criticised by israel and the u.s. , who feared it could be used to protect iranian nuclear sites . when it was cancelled , iran filed a lawsuit with a court in geneva , seeking £2.7billion ( $ 4bn ) in damages for breach of contract , but the court has not yet issued a ruling . moscow said it had no choice but to annul the deal when the un imposed sanctions , outlawing the sale of advanced weapons . despite the sanctions , russia and iran have remained close allies . the deal on iran’s suspected nuclear activities is supposed to be finalised by june 30 . there is no firm agreement on how or when to lift the current sanctions . the announcement comes as the u.s. slammed russia for flying a fighter jet close to a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an ‘ unsafe and unprofessional manner’ last week . pentagon spokesman mark wright said the u.s. was filing a complaint to russia after the incident over the baltic sea , in the international airspace north of poland . the u.s. crew believed the russian pilot’s action were ‘ unsafe and professional due to the aggressive manoeuvres it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed’ , mr wright added . russian officials reportedly denied their pilot did anything wrong . the incident was not first time the u.s. protested to moscow what it considered to be an unsafe intercept . last april , a russian fighter jet intercepted a us reconnaissance plane in international airspace over the sea of okhotsk .