mother 's day is still three weeks away , but michelle obama did n't need an excuse to treat her mom on saturday . enjoying a perfect spring day in new york city , the first lady and 'grandmother-in-chief ' , marian robinson , had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in greenwich village . the two sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul mario batali . batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the ' chef 's roman tasting menu ' . girls day out : michelle obama is seen leaving in an suv with her mother , marian robinson , after they dined at lupa restaurant on thompson street in new york 's greenwich village on saturday . fine dining : the two enjoyed a sumptuous five-course italian lunch at the restaurant , before getting into a waiting suv . happy mother 's day ! : marian robinson , 76 , smiles as she leaves italian restaurant lupa in new york city on saturday with her daughter , michelle obama . on guard : white house security agents wait outside the eatery on thompson for the first lady and her mom to finish their lunch . crowd control : residents in the building above the restaurant scramble onto their fire escapes to try and grab a sight of michelle obama and her mom , marian robertson , on saturday . batali was heard describing michelle as ' a happy woman ' . the menu , priced at $ 65 per person , plus $ 49 with wine pairings , is a five-course set meal . it starts with a salad - puntarelle alla romana - and then two pastas - rigatoni alla gricia and strozzapreti with sugo finto . next comes coda alla vaccinara , a rich roman oxtail stew . the two then enjoyed a cheese platter , before tartufo , an italian ice cream dessert . outside the eatery a group of bodyguards stood on the sidewalk waiting for the two . as word spread that the first lady and her mom were dining inside , resident 's in the building above the restaurant emerged on their fire escapes , keen to get a look . his work here is done : mario batali , owner of lupa , jumps on his scooter after serving the two women . he was heard describing michelle to photographers as ' a lovely woman ' . lunch : lupa is a tiny italian eatery on thompson street in new york 's greenwich village . it opened in 1999 . the scene kept the bodyguards busy . after lunch the two were escorted into a waiting suv . with official duties over , batali was also seen leaving his restaurant , pulling out onto the street on his moped . batali and his business partner , joe bastianich , have created a culinary empire together . they own 10 restaurants in new york , four in las vegas , two in los angeles and two in both hong kong and singapore . close : first lady michelle obama ( l ) applauds with her mother marian robinson ( r ) during the final day of the democratic national convention at time warner cable arena on september 6 , 2012 in charlotte , north carolina . mrs robinson , who lives in the white house with the first family , is known as ' mrs r ' around washington d.c . she is said to get about town relatively anonymously , according to the washington post , and keeps an active social . the 76-year-old moved from her home in chicago when barrack obama was inaugurated in 2009 .  