it was the moment a man , hands open in peace , stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage . a striking picture , taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe , captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ' islamisation ' of australia . the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations . the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups . scroll down for video . a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika ( left ) appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters ( right ) . ' it was very intense , ' kenji wardenclyffe told daily mail australia . ' the neo-nazi definitely seemed to be instigating , trying to start a fight with the anti-racism group . the other man in the photo stepped in and was trying to keep the peace . ' he kept his hands open , he was trying to stop a fight from breaking out . ' the violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally , when he was photographed with one fist gripping another protester 's shirt and the other raised to punch the man in the face . violent intent : at the rally , the man involved in the standoff was seen trying to throw a punch at another protester as the scene descended into violence . one man appeared to be knocked out cold in the melee and was left lying on the ground . mr wardenclyffe said he was pushed around by protesters throughout the day , and some of his camera equipment was broken by people attempting to stop him from taking photos . ' it was a very angry atmosphere - it definitely seemed some of the people on the reclaim australia side were there looking to start a fight , ' he said . ' it was very tense . ' in a video of the event , it also appears to show the moment a man throw a punch at the head of a female anti-racism protester . despite reclaim australia 's promise of a peaceful protest , a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to intimidate anti-racism protesters . reclaim australia describe themselves as ' patriotic australians ' who protest against sharia law , halal tax and islam . they say they want ' compulsory singing of our national anthem weekly in every school in australia ' and want the government to ' refuse entry to anyone who has fought overseas against our adf or minimum 15 years jail term . ' in these photos , taken by freelance photographer kenji wardenclyffe , a man with a swastika tattoo came head to head with one of the anti-racism protesters and attempted to intimidate them into backing off . wearing a harley davidson sleeveless hoodie , which showed off his sleeve of tattoos , the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism , who stood against him in defiance . police were forced to separate the neo-nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . wearing a harley davidson sleeveless hoodie , which showed off his sleeve of tattoos , the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism , who stood against him in defiance . police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . speaking to buzzfeed , photographer mr wardenclyffe said one of the anti-racism protesters stood out in front of the rest to stop him from getting through . ' the neo-nazi appeared and pushed through the crowd and began to yell at the ( left-wing protestors ) , ' mr wardenclyffe said . police were forced to separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . ' the neo-nazi then got in the face of the man in my photo with sunglasses who had moved into a position to prevent him from getting through . ' the neo-nazi yelled at him in a manner which seemed to be an attempt to start a fight , but the guy with sunglasses remained calm and didn’t engage . ' a clash of anti-islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in melbourne . melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests . there was never a violent exchange between the groups however the men with the swastika 's moved through the crowd taunting the anti-racism protesters . the clash comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups mocked protests being held around australia last week . however , organisers behind the sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . across australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowd . ' it 's not us , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' ours is @ reclaim_aus . ' across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in sydney and melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . about 500 people attended the rally held in martin place , sydney , which included speeches from former australia defence league member shermon burgess and rise up ! australia party nsw president norm bishop . two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . more than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . one took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ' ashamed ' . several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports . to see more of kenji wardenclyffe 's work , visit his site here , or his youtube channel . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . protesters cheered as speakers said australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of islam and sharia law .  