apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage . to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts . at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer ( pictured left ) and another for ios software power systems engineer ( pictured right ) . the job listings were discovered by fan site appleinsider and include listings for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . in particular , the ios software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate ' will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues , modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system , and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends . ' apple defines the apple watch battery on its watch product page . it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . all-day battery life : this includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . audio playback : the battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music . talk time : apple said the watch can be used for up to three hours for calls . workout : during this test the watch lasted for seven hours when a workout session was active and the heart rate sensor was on . watch : when used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour . power reserve : when the apple watch 's battery gets low it switches into power reserve mode letting users tell the time for up to 72 hours - with four time checks an hour . charging time : the company said it takes 1.5 hours to charge the watch to 80 % and 2.5 hours for a full charge . apple 's tests were carried out in march 2015 with a pre-production apple watch and software paired with an iphone using pre-production software . apple said battery life varies with environmental factors , use , configuration , and ' many other factors ' so actual results will vary . as the site suggests , this shows apple is looking to boost the battery on ios devices but also its range of macbooks . apple 's larger iphone 6 and 6 plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ' normal usage ' is and this can differ from person to person . these times have only been beaten by samsung 's latest galaxy s6 . apple also said its new 12-inch macbook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge . however , official figures suggest its watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long . boss tim cook said at the launch event last month that the watch will last 18 hours , but this only includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . apple is expected to launch an iphone 6s , 6s plus as well as potentially a four-inch model later this year . battery improvements could be made to these handsets , or they may be a feature on next year 's iphone 7 . alternatively , because a number of the jobs refer to a software rather than hardware engineer , these battery improvements could be made and rolled out to existing phones as part of an ios upgrade . earlier this week atmel released its latest microcontrollers ( mcus ) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can harvest energy from a person 's body . the sam l microcontrollers are part of atmel 's 32-bit arm-based mcu range and are powered by chip maker arm 's cortex m0+ 32-bit processors . a number of apple devices , including the iphone 5s and ipad air are powered by chips based around arm technology . atmel said its mcus extend ' battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms , healthcare , medical , wearable , and devices placed in rural , agriculture , offshore and other remote areas . ' apple 's iphone 6 and 6 plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ' normal usage ' is and this can differ from person to person . apple also said its new 12-inch macbook ( pictured ) uses 30 % less energy than previous models . apple boss tim cook said the watch 's 'all-day ' battery life lasts 18 hours with ' typical use ' - but official tests recently revealed this equates to just 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . apple defines the battery on its watch page and said a time check lasts four seconds . they use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made . the microcontrollers run on the firm 's picopower technology and atmel 's event system that makes different parts of the device work together to carry out tasks . by effectively ' sharing ' energy , the whole device uses less power and , subsequently , less battery . it can also manage how much energy is being used by other components to make them as efficient as possible . plus , the technology is so low power it can harvest energy from the body using changes in temperature . earlier this week atmel released its latest microcontrollers ( mcus ) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can even harvest energy from a person 's body . atmel said its mcus extend ' battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices ' . during a demonstration of the microcontrollers at this year 's ces , andreas eieland , atmel 's director of product marketing demonstrated how he could power a radio by placing his hand on a panel . this panel recognised a change in temperature between the hand and the room and this was harvested to create charge .