stretch marks are something that most women of all shapes , sizes and ages have . but this week model and chef chrissy teigen bought them to the fore after she posted a picture of her legs to instagram . the 29-year-old sports illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session and says : ' bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week . stretchies say hi ! ' women have been taken to instagram to share pictures of their stretch marks after the body chrissy teigen posted an image of hers to the social networking site . since then hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend , proudly posting photographs of their own stretch marks to the social media site . user @ saraelizabef wrote : ' love it ! real women have stretch marks # respect . ' another follower @ emmalittle5 commented : ' i have so much respect for you ! i have stretchies too and i appreciate someone being real about them and acknowledging them thanks . ' another wrote : ' if there ever was a role model on this planet chrissie , ... it was you [ sic ] ' chrissy posted a picture of her stretch marks to instagram also showing off the bruises that she had got whilst opening her kitchen cupboards . this woman posted pictures of her stretch marks running along her side - she said that she had got them whilst pregnant with her daughter . and since chrissy shared her picture hundreds of other women have decided to do the same , posting their images along with the hashtag # loveyourlines . some have shared pictures of their stomachs whilst others have showed their legs and bums . chrissy 's image has given a major boost to the campaign , which started last year . this woman showed off the stretch marks on her leg ( left ) saying she was proud of them and her body , whilst another shared a snap of the marks on her stomach ( right ) . this lady said she shared her picture because she had hated her stretch marks for a long time . stretch marks are thin lines that appear on the surface of the skin - they are usually purple in colour at first before they fade to a silver shade . they mostly effect the stomach , bottom or leg areas and can occur at any point in a woman 's life - often they can be spurred on by weight gain or pregnancy . often , once you have stretch marks , they can be hard to get rid of . one user who shared her picture said : ' i struggle with my body . it is n't what it used to be , but i 'm learning that it 's ok . ' this lady commented that her pregnant belly looks like an orange as she proudly showed off her body . this instagram user revealed that her stretch marks had come after having three children ( left ) while another said that she had learned to love the marks on her body ( right ) . stretch marks can start off as red or blue but they eventually turn silvery in colour . another said : ' i have had these since i was 12 years old . i love my lines . proud to share my stretch marks . ' the love your lines campaign was originally started by two east-coast mothers - who chose to remain anonymous . they said of the project : ' this account is curated by two mommas hoping to make a difference in the world of the female body image . ' all women of different shapes , sizes and cultural backgrounds are encouraged to submit . we ca n't wait to see your love lines . ' in a crop top the marks on this woman 's tummy can be seen around her belly button . this picture was one of the first added to the campaign which encourages people to embrace their ' tiger strips ' .