jose mourinho insists manchester united 's injury crisis does not weaken their team as they head to chelsea for tomorrow 's title clash . united boss louis van gaal revealed he will be without marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge , but mourinho responded by listing their lavish squad . ' i disagree because their squad is amazing , in numbers , players , experience , solutions , ' said the chelsea manager . jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury problems when they play chelsea . louis van gaal is without a number of key players ahead of the tough trip to stamford bridge . chelsea defender branislav ivanovic pictured on the ball during chelsea 's training session on friday . defender gary cahill plays the ball during training as chelsea prepare for manchester united 's visit . didier drogba tries to find a way past denmark under 21 defender andreas christensen in training . chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the premier league title race with a game in hand . ' their squad is amazing . every week i have on the big screen in my office not the team i 'm going to play against , but the squad and all the options . ' this week , when i arrived in the room , for the first time in the week , i realised what they have . it 's amazing . ' ' you want me to name their players ? mata , di maria , januzaj , rooney , van persie , herrera , carrick , blind , fellaini ... ' defenders ? rafael and valencia , luke shaw left-back , centre-backs smalling ... of course they do n't have evans and jones , but blackett , mcnair . they have played . van gaal is a fantastic coach to develop players . ' these kids have played a lot of matches and are more than ready . i went to qpr with drogba and no strikers on the bench and , for a long time , because of suspensions or injuries , we were in trouble . ' you have to cope with it . i know mr van gaal very well , and he 's the kind of person to think at this moment that we have a fantastic squad and will go with what we have . injuries are part of the game . ' eden hazard ( left ) and dominic solanke pictured during friday 's training session at cobham . loic remy , who has recovered from a calf injury , on the ball during training on friday . mourinho is relishing the meeting with manchester united , saying his players require no motivation . old friends mourinho and van gaal embrace ahead of the fixture at old trafford back in october . mourinho was part of van gaal 's coaching staff during his time at barcelona in the late nineties . sports analysts bsports predict that a chelsea win is easily the most likely outcome at stamford bridge . april 18 manchester united ( h ) . april 26 arsenal ( a ) . april 29 leicester city ( a ) . may 3 crystal palace ( h ) . may 10 liverpool ( h ) . may 18 west bromwich albion ( a ) . may 24 sunderland ( h ) . mourinho and van gaal have a close relationship , dating back to the time when they worked together at barcelona . ' i consider him a big , big , big , big friend , ' said mourinho . ' but with our jobs at the moment , with clubs with the same objectives , we are not speaking every week . but a deep feeling of a big friend , that does n't change . ' mourinho said his players needed no motivation this week as they prepare to face united in what is always a ' special fixture . ' he said games such as saturday night 's showdown at stamford bridge make his job ' easy ' because ' every player is desperate to play and focused . ' he said : ' to play manchester united is to play one of the biggest clubs in the world and one of the best in the premier league and this is what everybody wants . ' i am not worried this week about motivating players because there is no need . [ it is an ] easy job . it is a special fixture , it is a big match . ' you have to play everybody home and away and our fight is always to have the same motivation regardless of the opponent , but the reality is these matches are the easy ones where every player is desperate to play and focused . ' masked man cesc fabregas prepares for the visit of manchester united on saturday night . winger juan cuadrado challenges filipe luis for the ball during a practice match at cobham . felipe luis chases eden hazard to try and retrieve the ball in friday 's training session . didier drogba gave chelsea the lead when the two teams met at old trafford earlier in the season . robin van persie earned a draw for manchester united with a stoppage time equaliser in october . former chelsea player juan mata is preparing return to stamford bridge for the first time since his move . mourinho sanctioned the sale of mata to manchester united for £37m last january . juan mata returns to stamford bridge as a united player for the first time since his £37m move to old trafford last january but mourinho predicted he will get a good reception . ' he is a player with history at this club . we have deep respect for him and we wished him the best . if things are going well for him everybody is happy . he is a very correct boy and a top professional . ' chelsea can move 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal - who take on reading in the fa cup semi-final at the same time - with three points against united . they are boosted by the likely return of striker loic remy from a calf injury and mourinho also confirmed that 19-goal frontman diego costa will return to full training next week after making a quick recovery from a hamstring problem . this puts the spain international in contention for next weekend 's top-of-the-table clash with arsenal at the emirates . costa injured his hamstring in the win over stoke city at stamford bridge on april 4 . mourinho hinted that loic remy should return from a calf injury against manchester united . mourinho said on costa : ' he is progressing very well . he has a chance for next weekend . our target was for diego to play our last four matches and arsenal is the sixth from the end , so if he does n't play it 's not a problem but things are going so well he has a chance . ' he 's training and he starts with the rest of the squad next week . ' mourinho was n't willing to comment on figures revealed on friday that show chelsea have the worst behaviour towards referees in the premier league .  ܎ .