if you think you have seen a ghost , you may have been suffering the effects of exposure to mould , according to a group of scientists . researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains . exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment . all an illusion ? researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings ( illustrated by a stock image ) are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains . ‘ experiences reported in many hauntings are similar to mental or neurological symptoms reported by individuals exposed to toxic moulds , ’ said professor shane rogers of clarkson university in potsdam , new york . ‘ psychoactive effects of some fungi are well-known , whereas the effects of others such as indoor moulds are less researched . ‘ although allergy and asthma symptoms and other physiological effects are well established , there has long been controversy over the effects of indoor mould exposure on cognitive and other functioning of the brain . ‘ reports of psychiatric symptoms including mood swings , hyperactivity , and irrational anger , as well as cognitive impairment are prevalent among those exposed to moulds . brain drain : exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment , among other problems . a stock image of toxic mould in the firm of stachybotrys chartarum spores , is shown . ' ghosts ' tend to be sighted in old buildings , which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems . no-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor moulds on the brain . but spores have been linked with mood swings , hyperactivity , and irrational anger , as well as cognitive impairment . recent reports indicate that exposure to toxic mould spores may cause brain inflammation and memory loss . a team of researchers are exploring whether the mould may cause people to think they have seen ghosts , by comparing conditions in ' haunted ' and non-haunted old buildings . ‘ other reports include depression and loss of memory function . ‘ more recent work is emerging that supports brain inflammation and memory loss in mice exposed to stachybotrys charatarum , a common indoor air mould , as well as increased anxiety and fear . ’ professor rogers is currently leading a team of researchers measuring air quality in several reportedly haunted places around new york state . the group will compare samples taken from several buildings where ghost sightings have been reported with samples taken from properties with no paranormal activity , to see if there is a difference in the types of fungi . professor rogers said : ‘ i have long been a fan of ghost stories and shows related to investigation of haunted places and have to admit to some strange occurrences in my own past . ‘ many of the places under investigation and from my own experiences may be prime environments for mould and other indoor air quality issues . ‘ we would like to see if we can parse out some commonality between the mould microbiome in places that are haunted relative to those that are not . ’ the real ghost busters : here , undergraduate environmental engineering students ( from left to right ) thomas o'rourke and daniel c. schwab work with professor shane rogers to sample air quality in buildings associated with alleged ghost activity . the team have only just begun their investigations , but have been to a handful of ‘haunted’ buildings to collect samples , as well as properties with mould , but no connection to ghosts . ‘ in one historic house turned into an office building there have been reports of noises , moving ceiling tiles , moving items on shelves and desks , apparitions , and a general feeling of unease among building occupants , ’ he said . ‘ there have been long-standing stories of some of the original family members still occupying the place . ‘ in another location , the remington art museum in ogdensburg new york , there is a long history of ghost stories involving the former occupants and others . ‘ a week prior to our visit , they had a visit from a psychic who took a reading in several rooms in the museum that we then used to target our air quality studies . ‘ she reported a few “folks” came to speak with her , children running in and out of some of the rooms in the house , and a woman that claimed she was `` not won in a poker game” , which was related to a long-time story related to the remington family . ‘ so far , we haven’t been spooked out of a location , but time will tell . ’ the team have only just begun their investigations , but have been to a handful of ‘haunted’ buildings to collect samples , as well as properties with mould , but no connection to ghosts . for example , they have visited the remington art museum in ogdensburg new york ( pictured ) , where there is a long history of ghost stories .