an enormous diorama which shows the full extent of the battle of waterloo has gone on display to mark the 200th anniversary of the conflict . the model contains more than 30,000 figures , and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the duke of wellington to defeat napoleon 's forces . it was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle 's bicentenary , which falls on june 18 of this year . scroll down for video . model : this diorama shows the full extent of the battle of waterloo , which took place almost exactly 200 years ago . general : napoleon , pictured riding a white horse , is shown directing his troops in the unsuccessful attempt to defeat the british forces . victor : wellington , wearing a blue jacket with his right arm outstretched , won the battle and has been known as one of britain 's greatest generals ever since . light-hearted : the diorama shows little vignettes such as a british soldier relieving himself against a tree . the 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses , illustrating not just the major military events of the battle but also a number of light-hearted vignettes . despite the enormous scale of the diorama , the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wound in the battle - and less than 10 per cent of the total number who took part . it is on display at the royal green jackets museum in winchester , where it will serve as the centrepiece for the commemoration of the battle of waterloo . the diorama was not intended as a snapshot of the battle at any one point , but instead it depicts five different key stages in the progress of the conflict . crucial : one of the key moments depicted is the battle for hougoumont , a fortress which was successfully defended by wellington . melee : the british forming a square in the face of attacks from napoleon 's troops . charge : the scots greys making an intervention in the battle , whose 200th anniversary is this year . indomitable : a farmer successfully defended his vegetable patch even as the battle raged all around him . busted : two british soldiers are depicted trying to sneak off with their regiment 's entire ration of gin . the first is the battle for hougoumont , a castle successfully defended by wellington , followed by the attempt by d'erlon corps to attack wellington 's centre , which was repelled by lieutenant general sir thomas picton . next is the charge of the heavy brigade , the allied cavalry offensive that scattered the french infantry , then the unsuccessful french cavalry attacks on wellington 's centre and right flank . the final crucial moment depicted is the attack of the imperial guard , napoleon 's last desperate throw of the dice , which led to the guard being forced to retreat for the first time ever . both the duke of wellington and napoleon bonaparte can be found on the model astride their horses directing the battle . there is also a grim depiction of major general sir william ponsonby meeting his end - being speared by a group of french lancers . grim : major general william ponsonby being cut down by a group of french lancers during the battle . onslaught : french troops trying to break through the gates of hougoumont , as the british guard the walls . help : a wounded soldier being escorted off the battlefield by his wife , who was apparently acting as a camp nurse . family : women and children in the back of a cart on the edges of the waterloo battlefield . quagmire : men , carts and horses get stuck in a muddy pit and try to haul their equipment out . lighter moments include a belgian farmer defending his prized vegetable patch while the battle rages around him , two english soldiers getting drunk on gin and an infantryman relieving himself against a tree . a large french fighter who was known as ' the enforcer ' can be seen trying to break down an english barricade with an axe . museum curator vere hayes said : ' there are so many vignettes within the diorama . ' one of my favourites is the gardener at hougoumont . he and his family meant to escape before the battle but left it too late . he is portrayed on the model protecting his cabbages . many french attackers saw him during the battle and laughed at his actions . ' the 200th anniversary of waterloo is a landmark commemoration of a decisive victory that brought peace to europe after years of conflict . ' whilst thousands will be making the trip to belgium to participate in and witness re-enactments on the battlefield , we can bring the battlefield to britain . ' late arrival : von blucher leading the prussian troops onto the battlefield , in a decisive intervention . repair : the diorama was in a poor condition before being restored ahead of the anniversary . spruced up : these images show how the figures were covered in dust before their recent restoration . conservation : kelvin and mary thatcher used a vacuum cleaner to help remove the grime which had built up . conservationists kelvin and mary thatcher spent five months cleaning the figures on the diorama , and glued back together scores of severed limbs , lost swords and displaced cannonballs . mr hayes added : ' the diorama was made in the 1970s by valhalla models and acquired by the museum in the 1980s . but it never had a top put on it so has got extremely dusty over the years . ' kelvin and mary thatcher took it apart in 16 sections and took four sections at a time back to their home in norfolk where they cleaned each individual figure using an air hose and a vacuum cleaner . ' they have done a fantastic job and it is great to be able to see the incredible detail so clearly . ' the battle of waterloo on june 18 , 1815 stopped the advance of napoleon across europe and sent the great french emperor into exile for a second and final time . france 's troops were defeated by a multi-national coalition , led by the british army under the command of the duke of wellington . the armies amassed near the town of waterloo in modern-day belgium , not far from the border with france , and it was the french who made the first move around 11am . the two sides clashed for 10 hours , with the british fending off repeated attacks from the french , until marshal blücher arrived at the head of a prussian army . this was the decisive intervention which finished napoleon off , allowing wellington to counter-attack and forcing the frenchman to surrender . the battle forced napoleon from the throne of france , leading to his exile on st helena - but wellington later admitted it was ' the nearest-run thing you ever saw in your life ' . despite the popular image of waterloo as a heroic endeavour , it was also the scene of brutal slaughter as thousands of troops were killed , with the french bearing the brunt of the losses .