you do n't become one of the most successful designers that italy has ever produced without causing some controversy . but giorgio armani 's latest comments will undoubtedly raise a few eyebrows . the 80-year-old fashion designer , who has dressed everyone from beyoncé to adele , has made a name for himself putting a-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations , but it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular . scroll down for video . giorgio armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much . in an interview with the sunday times , the milan-born designer spoke of his disapproval of women who resort to breast enlargements , as well as men who work out too much . armani , who has amassed a personal fortune of £5billion over the length of his 40-year-career , emphasised his appreciation of a ' healthy ' look . he said : ' i do n't like muscle boy . not too much gym ! ' i like somebody healthy , somebody solid , who looks after his body but does n't use his muscles too much . ' interestingly , the aesthetic for the brand seems to somewhat differ from the designer 's views - with several of the armani underwear adverts featuring muscly boxer-clad male models . kelly brook 's ex , david mcintosh , 29 , is one celebrity that may not agree with giorgio armani 's disapproval of men who work out too much . jodi marsh , 36 , is another celebrity that would lock horns with armani and his view of plastic surgery as ' idiocy ' . interestingly , cristiano ronaldo , 30 , has modelled underwear for giorgio armani before , showing off his unashamedly muscly body . the designer himself , who has never denied claims that he is gay , was also outspoken about the way that certain gay men dress . mr armani declared that a homosexual man does n't need to dress in a camp manner.. . he said : ' when homosexuality is exhibited to the extreme to say , `` ah , you know i 'm homosexual , '' - that has nothing to do with me - a man has to be a man . ' the milan-born designer has never denied that he is gay , but in the interview he condemned men who ' dress homosexual ' . a beyoncé fan ! in the interview , giorgio armani admitted that he preferred the ' natural look ' on women , rather than women with breast implants . and his criticism was n't only reserved for men . when questioned on women opting for plastic surgery , the designer described it as ' idiocy ... a small breast does not have to become big . ' in the interview , the designer highlighted his appreciation of women with natural beauty , in particular those who chose to age gracefully . he said : ' i prefer to look at a natural woman . a woman should be courageous to become older , not be desperate to look younger than her age . '