a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket . the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30pm local time . passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post . photos taken by rescuers , including the krabi marine police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing . thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel . between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft . the associated press reported that the 12-year-old girl may have been picked up by another boat that was going to the beach resort of phuket . but police captain sutthiwat aunsiam , a duty officer at muang krabi station , told jor sor 100 radio late in the evening that rescue units are still searching for the girl and krabi governor songpol sawasditham confirmed her disappearance , according to thai rath online . most of the passengers and crew , totalling between 100 and 110 , were taken back to ao nang near the resort town of krabi from where the ao nang princess 5 originally set off . about a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft from police and marine authorities assisted in the rescue operation . more rescue staff and divers , including personnel from third naval area command , will join the search for the missing girl tomorrow . none of those brought ashore were reported to be injured , but one person aboard the boat did die , according to phuket news . pol capt sutthiwat quoted wirat jittaraporn , the captain of the 35-metre long , 4.5-metre wide ferry , as saying the vessel was about five miles from railay beach near ao nang when he heard an explosion from the engine room . he immediately ordered everyone to don life jackets and prepare to abandon ship . the fire quickly engulfed the ferry and burned it to the waterline before it sank at around 6pm off krabi 's noppharat thara beach . photos taken by rescuers , including the krabi marine police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . passenger panupon rattanakornpanya , 44 , told thai rath online , that crew members told him and his wife and child that a fire had broken out and ordered everyone to gather at the bow . ' the fire then grew stronger . everyone was in a panic . some were crying . many grabbed jackets and passed them on to others before we jumped into the water , ' he said . governor songpol said the ferry was equipped with fire extinguishers , ' but in this case it appeared [ the crew ] were not able to control the blaze and this must be investigated again ' . the governor went to ao nang , a popular hopping off point for phi phi , phuket , koh lanta and other islands , as passengers from the sunken vessel milled on the shore . ' we hope the girl is still alive , ' said the director of marine office 5 for the region , wichai kamwong , according to phuketwan . ' the ferry burned with remarkable speed so to have the speedboats and fishing trawlers close by to help was wonderful . ' the sunken ferry was operated by ao nang travel and tour co . thailand 's tourist industry , which welcomes more than 20 million people a year , has suffered a black eye in recent years due to domestic political violence and several high-profile killings and unexplained accidental deaths of westerners , but serious marine accidents are uncommon .