an amazing map revealed by nasa has shown where lightning occurs most on earth . the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013 . and the results show that the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela . scroll down for video . the map above shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013 . areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple ; areas with the largest number of lightning flashes - as many as 150 per year per square kilometer ( 0.4 square miles ) - are bright pink . the democratic republic of congo was found to have the most over the period . the map was created using data from nasa’s tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite , and the orbview-1/microlab satellite . in the map , the areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per year per square kilometre ( 0.4 square miles ) - are shown in bright pink . the areas with the least are grey and purple . according to the satellite observations , lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans . and it also seems to happen more often closer to the equator . the higher frequency over land is because solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water , so there is greater atmospheric instability - leading to the formation of storms . and nasa’s dr daniel cecil , a member of the global hydrology and climate centre’s lightning team , said the data also shows interesting trends . according to the satellite observations , lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans . shown here is a passing storm over the african countryside with forked lightning on 10 october 2013 . the higher frequency over land is because solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water , so there is greater atmospheric instability - leading to the formation of storms . shown is a storm hitting the city of tripoli in libya . researchers have found that regardless of where you are in the world , lightning bolts are at their most powerful at 8am . this is because there are fewer particles in the atmosphere overnight , so it takes a more powerful charge to overcome the extra distance between these particles and release the bolt of power . for example , a large number of flashes were seen during the month of may in the brahmaputra valley of far eastern india . the heating and weather patterns are unstable and changeable at that time-just before the onset of the monsoon , which brings plenty of rain but much less lightning . in contrast , locations in central africa and northwestern south america have large amounts of lightning throughout the entire year . dr cecil noted that more years of data has not necessarily brought notable big-picture differences when compared to earlier maps . ‘ the longer record allows us to more confidently identify some of these finer details , ' he said . ' we can examine seasonality , and variability through the day and year-to-year . ’ this comparable nasa map shows global lightning strikes from january 1998 to 2013 from the nasa/msfc lightning imaging sensor .