this is the moment that an enormous bird of prey launched itself from a roof onto a birdwatcher 's head . the rogue european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks . locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird , as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the netherlands hoping to catch a sighting of the impressive bird . scroll down for video . the enormous bird of prey targeted the blonde-haired woman after launching itself from the roof of a nearby house . bird brain : the european eagle owl spent around one minute perched on the woman 's head , before flying off looking for its next perch . in the most recent incident , the bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from the roof of a house . a woman , who had been observing the creature , barely had time to pull her hood up before the eagle-owl swooped on her head . the wild owl , which weighs around 6lbs , spent around one minute perched her the head , before flying off looking for its next perch . residents in the town think that it might have escaped from an aviary and has learnt to associate humans with food . ' i have seen photographers and birders from around the country , from the hague to spijkenisse , they come from everywhere to see the eagle owl . our village is finally on the map , ' one local is reported to have said . menno shaefer is one of a number of photographers who has paid a visit to the town after hearing about the owl 's unusual behaviour . the 48-year-old , of zaandam , netherlands , said : ' i had heard a lot about the owl and decided to visit the site to see it in action for myself . ' it was a very funny thing to watch , however i 'm just as confused as anyone as to why it does this . ' the rogue owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks . the appearance has seen twitchers flock to the town hoping to catch a sighting of the bird . the european eagle-owl is one of the largest species of owls , and females can grow to a maximum total wingspan of 75cm . the wild owl , which weighs around 6lbs , spends an average of one minute perched on the head of innocent bystanders , before flying off looking for the next perch . the european eagle owl is one of the largest species of owl , and females can grow to a maximum total wingspan of 75 cm . the bird is found in a number of habitats but mostly lives in mountain regions , coniferous forests , steppes and other relatively remote places . unusual : photographer menno scheefer travelled 68km to the northern netherlands town of noordeinde to photograph the own , after hearing about its strange behaviour . perched : the european eagle owl enjoys swooping on unsuspecting walkers - and standing on their heads .    