children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ' get off the grog ' and bring them home , the local government has warned . the northern territory’s chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs surrounding the easter holidays . ‘i’m giving the parents of the children responsible for this spate of violence a very clear message . get your kids off the streets . get them back to communities and back into school , ’ mr giles said . mr elferink threatened : ‘ if parents don’t want to see their children in care then they need to get off the grog and head back to their home community . ’ in a media statement titled ‘ strong consequences for alice springs rock throwers’ the government stated ‘ the current situation would not be tolerated’ . ‘ these children will be regarded as requiring protection and we will take immediate action . parents should not doubt our resolve to do this , ’ mr giles added . northern territory’s chief minister adam giles said parents should not doubt his ' resolve ' to take their children into the hands of child protection services . parents will also be fined $ 298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours . the manager of jesuit social services in alice springs , john adams , told abc radio the government 's announcement was a 'knee-jerk ' reaction . ' removing kids is never the best response to such an issue , ' he said . on monday night , 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘ large rocks’ at police . northern territory police superintendent travis wurst said none of the group have been identified but ‘ the main protagonist of the incident is described as a male aged in his late teens/early twenties , of aboriginal appearance . ’ on tuesday night no rocks were thrown at police but 34 people were taken into protective custody and 77 youths were conveyed home , while three youths were arrested for trespassing . this window was smashed in alice springs during the spate of rock throwing in the northern territory . mr giles ( left ) and minister for children and families john elferink ( right ) made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs surrounding the easter holidays . on monday night 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘ large rocks’ at police . on wednesday night , the crime spree appeared to calm . a northern territory police spokesperson told daily mail australia : ‘ we only received couple of reports of rock throwing near anzac hill and no reports of damage . ’ there were 29 youths driven home by police as officers stepped up their police presence to deter anti-social behaviour . superintendent wurst said : ‘ the reduction of property damage and rock throwing is encouraging and police will continue to target anti-social behaviour to ensure a safe environment for the people of alice springs . ’ a nt police spokesperson told daily mail australia : ‘ no police officers have been harmed by the rock throwing . ’ ' no police officers have been harmed by the rock throwing , ' a nt police spokesperson said . they said incidences of rock throwing had calmed down and that it was n't a ‘ regular occurrence’ . ‘it’s more since the easter holidays and the carnival has been here , ’ the police spokesperson said . minister elferink , who is in alice springs assessing the situation , said : ‘ i have directed my department to take strong action and take children into care where the legal grounds are met . ' normally the department would see this as a last resort and be willing to work with parents but these are not normal circumstances . ’ ‘ gangs of youth throwing rocks at police officers is not normal and is illegal . it’s an extreme circumstance and will bring a zero tolerance approach for this kind of behaviour . ’