australian foreign minister julie bishop has attracted both criticism and applause for her controversial decision to wear a headscarf during her visit to iran . bishop , who is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif . social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom , while political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions . scroll down for video . to veil or not to veil : australia 's foreign minister julie bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to iran . ' you respect the culture wherever you are ' : the foreign minister also met with her counterpart mohammad javad zarif , and later defended her wearing of the headscarf that sparked the debate . accessories : bishop also donned a hat during the trip , which attracted several unfortunate comparisons to michael jackson 's smooth criminal music video on social media . ' good on # juliebishop for respecting another country 's culture ! that 's true feminism , ' twitter user sawyer remarked . ' i 'm not religious but i am respectful . i do n't like bishop but i 'm glad she respected iran and their culture , ' brianna refalo added . while westerners are not required by law to cover their heads , the foreign minister said she did so out of respect for the culture . ' when i went for an audience with the pope , they told me i had to wear a scarf , ' the foreign minister told the australian . ' so i wore a scarf . you respect the culture wherever you are . ' criticism : michelle obama attracted criticism for refusing to cover her head at the funeral of saudi arabia’s king abdullah in january . neither hillary clinton nor condoleezza rice were veiled for their trips to the middle east during their tenures as us secretary of state , except for when visiting mosques . ' i support julie bishop wearing a head scarf while overseas ... but saying that it 's part of her daily outfit though , not so much , ' wrote rodney gordon on twitter . the tweet was in reference to an earlier comment given by bishop to sydney morning herald , in which she appeared to deny her ensemble was purely political . ' as a matter of fact i wear scarves and hats and headgear quite often as part of my everyday wear , ' bishop said . the hat and scarf combo bishop later donned also attracted a number of unfortunate comparisons to michael jackson on social media . opinion : views on twitter were divided ... while some just liked the sartorial style . iranian journalist and founder of facebook page ' my stealthy freedom , masih alinejad , wrote a post calling for the foreign minister to raise the issue of the compulsory wearing of a hijab for women in iran . ' madam bishop was asked not to give in to the compulsory veil and to raise her voice very much like numerous iranian women who have started doing so , ' alinejad wrote on facebook . ' we also asked the australian foreign minister to ask the officials of the islamic republic to respect her personal values and not to impose the compulsory veil on iranian women . ' iranian journalist masih alinejad wrote a post on her facebook group ' my stealthy freedom ' calling for the foreign minister to raise the issue of the compulsory wearing of a hijab for women in iran during her visit . meanwhile opposition leader bill shorten waded into the debate , following andrew bolt 's comments that bishop should have ' stood up for western values ' and that she looked ' ridiculous ' . ' i think it 's ridiculous to criticise julie bishop for wearing a headscarf in iran , ' mr shorten said . ' would they criticise julie bishop if she wore a scarf to meet the pope ? if i wore a yarmulke in israel to certain events , i do n't think that would be inappropriate . ' what really matters here is regardless of liberal or labor , that our representatives when they go overseas behave in a sensible , non-ideological , pragmatic fashion . going bare : hillary clinton did not don a scarf during her visit to saudi arabia as secretary of state in 2012 . ... nor did condoleezza rice during her visit in 2007 . ' it just makes common sense that when you go to someone 's house , or indeed someone 's nation , you 're just a bit respectful of the customs and traditions of the place that you 're visiting . ' on saturday bishop hailed iran 's efforts to crush the jihadist islamic state group in iraq , saying on a rare trip to tehran that the militants can be defeated . australia is part of an international coalition in iraq and has 500 troops deployed there . iran , though not part of the coalition , has run a parallel campaign using shiite militias and military advisers to reverse the is surge that came close to felling the baghdad government last june . ' we are witnessing a more complex and dangerous form of terrorism with daesh , ' bishop said at a joint press conference , using an arabic acronym to refer to the militant group . the foreign minister met with president hassan rouhani in tehran on saturday . ' both countries can contribute in the fight against this terrorist organisation and put an end to the misery of the people in iraq , ' she said , referring to iran and australia 's efforts . iraq needs ' a strong and stable government ' added bishop , who along with zarif said australia and iran were in iraq at the request of the baghdad government in fighting is . ' the fight against daesh and terrorism in iraq should be managed by the iraqi government , ' zarif said . ' anything we do in iraq is in coordination with the iraqi government . ' from iran , the foreign minister travels to paris , berlin and brussels . she wrote on twitter that the trip intends to ' advance australia 's economic/security interests in europe . ' 