trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in the area in 1492 . this is according to a series of bronze artefacts found at the ' rising whale ' site in cape espenberg , alaska . archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle , dating to around a.d. 600 . trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus ( left ) arrived in 1492 . the discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle ( right ) , dating to around a.d. 600 . bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia . ' we 're seeing the interactions , indirect as they are , with these so-called ' high civilisations ' of china , korea or yakutia , ' owen mason , a research associate at the university of colorado , told livescience . ' native copper and meteoritic iron were hammered into a variety objects by late prehistoric inhabitants of arctic and subarctic north america , ' reports the research team on the website arctic research consortium . ' [ but ] there is no evidence for the smelting , casting , or alloying of metals in the western hemisphere north of mexico prior to the arrival of europeans . bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia . pictured are archaeologists working at the rising whale site at cape espenberg , alaska . researchers believe those who lived at the rising whale site may be part of what scientists call the ' birnirk ' culture . ' as a result , these two artefacts give the best and least ambiguous evidence to date that non-ferrous industrial smelted metals were arriving in alaska via prehistoric trade across the bering strait . ' researchers believe those who lived at the rising whale site may be part of what scientists call the ' birnirk ' culture . this is a group of people who lived on both sides of the bering strait and used advanced skin boats . they are believed to have lived in small family dwellings containing either an entrance that led to a single room with sleeping platforms . birnirk settlements were small , with only a few families living in a settlement at a time . they were talented seal hunters , known for their use of innovative equipment , such as ice scratchers to lure seals over frozen waters . they were also known for their use of ground slate weapons , including knives , blades , arrows , and spears . researchers believe those who lived at the rising whale site may be part of what scientists call the ' birnirk ' culture . this is a group of people who lived on both sides of the bering strait and used skin boats and harpoons to hunt whales , livescience reports . the latest discovery of bronze artefacts backs up earlier evidence for trade between alaska and other civilisations prior to 1492 . inside the house , tests on obsidian items – created by volcanic glass – had previously suggested they came from the anadyr river valley in russia . livescience notes that anthropologist berthold laufer published an analysis of texts and artefacts in the journal t'oung pao in 1913 , in which he found that the chinese had an interest in obtaining ivory . he said that some of the walrus ivory may have come from the bering strait . there is also evidence that plate armour made using ivory and bones began appearing in alaska around 1,000 years ago . a controversial hypothesis , put forward by amateur historian gavin menzies , suggests that china discovered the americas 70 years before columbus . he bases his theory on an alleged 18th century copy of a 1418 map charted by chinese admiral zheng he , which appears to show the new world in some detail . its overlapping style is similar to plate armour developed in east asia , thousands of years ago . a controversial hypothesis , put forward by amateur historian gavin menzies , suggests that china discovered the americas 70 years before columbus . he bases his theory on an alleged 18th century copy of a 1418 map charted by chinese admiral zheng he , which appears to show the new world in some detail . ' the traditional story of columbus discovering the new world is absolute fantasy , it 's fairy tales , ' mr menzies told mailonline . among menzies other claims are that the first inhabitants of the western hemisphere did n't come over land from the bering strait , but instead were chinese sailors who first crossed the pacific ocean 40,000 years ago . he also writes that dna markers prove american indians and other natives are the descendants of several waves of asian settlers . most scientists believe that humans arrived in the new world 15,000 years ago by crossing the now-flooded land bridge that had formed across the bering strait . but a recent genetic study suggests there were also journeys taken by people from east asia to the new world at a later date . cape espenberg , where the discovery was made , is a cape located on the seward peninsula in alaska , on the chukchi sea coast .