gary neville has claimed a star player will always choose manchester city last if they have a straight choice between the big clubs in the premier league . the former manchester united defender believes his former club , chelsea and arsenal would be a preferable option now for a big star looking to switch to the premier league . neville wrote in his telegraph column that should a player such as paul pogba or mats hummels decide on a move to england , they are unlikely to select the etihad as their destination - now that manuel pellegrini 's side have been reined in by financial fair play . gary neville believes manchester city would now struggle to attract top players thanks to financial restrictions . players such as borussia dortmund 's mats hummels ( left ) and juventus midfielder paul pogba would prefer to go to one of manchester city 's premier league rivals , according to neville . neville believes manchester city need to be bold and take on uefa 's ffp regulations . ' unless city are bold and decide to take on uefa’s financial fair play regulations , they will find it difficult to compete with united , chelsea and arsenal for the players i believe could make the difference in next season’s title race , ' said neville . ' if any of the top four is able to add gareth bale , morgan schneiderlin and/or paul pogba and mats hummels to their squad this summer , they would instantly become front-runners to win the premier league next year . ' there will be an intense fight between all of the top four clubs to secure the best players , but if that battle takes place on an even playing field , i don’t see how city can come out on top . ' the landscape has changed since city were able to blow everybody out of the water by paying big fees and big wages to sign the likes of carlos tevez , yaya toure , sergio aguero and samir nasri . ' manchester city have previously manager to attract the likes of sergio aguero and carlos tevez . manchester united had to blitz the market and sign the likes of angel di maria last summer . he added : ' ffp has reined city back in and united and arsenal have upped the ante by spending big themselves and raising the ceiling of their pay structures . ' when united were faced with the doomsday scenario of being out of the champions league last summer , they had to blitz the market to sign the likes of angel di maria , simply because they had to throw money at the problem they found themselves in . ' and that is big issue facing city this summer -- united , chelsea and arsenal are now all capable of taking them on in the transfer market and , if a player has a straight choice between the four clubs , city will come fourth every time . ' manchester city travel to old trafford to face united in the premier league on sunday afternoon . pellegrini 's side sit a point and a place behind their cross-town rivals in fourth . 