as andy murray and kim sears prepare for their nuptials in his home town of dunblane on saturday , the local residents are also getting ready for the big day . the inhabitants of the scottish cathedral town have gone into overdrive for wedding of their most famous resident , lining the streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce in many of the stories . since the wimbledon champion announced his plans to say ' i do ' at the cathedral , there have also been plans to line the streets with well-wishers as the couple make their way to the venue . andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane this weekend . messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows and several business owners have already sent gifts to either andy , 27 , or his bride-to-be ahead of the big day . lesley anderson , 52 , who owns point nouveau bridal shop in dunblane , sent a crystal-covered garter to kim sears six weeks ago and received kind a thank you note which said it was ' gorgeous ' . the ivory-coloured piece is hand-embroidered on the inside with the couple 's initials and wedding date and was designed by nicola ure from k c bridal specialists in falkirk . a handmade card featuring andy and kim , 27 , on the front drawn by local artist lorna brown accompanied the garter . local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day . many of the local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting . the card shows andy in his kilt holding a tennis racket and kim in her dress along with their border terriers . kim 's reply to the gifts read : ' dear lesley and all at point nouveau bridal . ' just a little note to say a huge thank you for the gorgeous gift nicola made for me . ' it was very kind of you and i had n't found a garter yet so thanks ever so much . ' also , that card of lorna brown 's is absolutely fabulous ! it really made us giggle , especially our two little dogs in the background ! ' we are really excited for our big day in a month 's time and are happy to be celebrating our wedding in dunblane . ' thank you again for your thoughtfulness and generosity . best wishes , kim sears x . ' lesley anderson , 52 , ( left ) who owns point nouveau bridal shop in dunblane , sent a crystal-covered garter to kim sears with a hand-drawn picture of the couple ( left ) . kim replied with a handwritten note ( right . lesley is close friends with andy 's grandmother , shirley erskine , 83 and gave the garter and card to her to take to kim . she said : ' out of the blue we got this beautiful card . to be honest we never ever thought we would hear very much at all so when we got this beautiful card we were chuffed to bits . ' i was absolutely delighted . this was such a personal thing . we were really , really chuffed . andy continues to maintain a close bond with the town - after winning wimbledon , he shook hands with all the shop owners on the dunblane high street . when murray , 27 , says ' i do ' on april 11 , the guests wishing them well will be largely a gathering of close family and friends . a local butcher has poems about the happy couple in the shop window . murray 's status as one of the world 's best tennis players means he has mixed with everyone from a-list celebrities such as james corden to the prime minister and even the queen . but the biggest name likely to be in attendance at dunblane cathedral , where the couple are tying the knot , is one-time british tennis star tim henman . indeed , when the sport 's world number one , novak djokovic , was asked by a journalist recently if he would be attending the celebration , he replied with a curt : ' not invited ' , before following up with a more charitable : ' but i wish him all the best . ' a sign telling people about parking restrictions around dunblane cathedral ahead of andy 's wedding to kim . murray has said : ' there wo n't be any celebrities as such . ' i do n't have any celebrity friends so it was n't something that was planned . ' [ it 'll be ] everyone who we 're close to , people we 've spent a lot of time with in the past but also people we see ourselves spending time with in the future . ' that 's how we came up with the names . pretty much everything is done now and under control . i 'm sure a few things will come up next week but it 's pretty much sorted . ' there will be names from the tennis world in attendance but certainly not players who are as well known as the likes of nadal or federer . dunblane cathedral , where the couple will hold their nuptials . murray has invited dutch doubles player jules rojer , who he spends time with while training in miami and davis cup team mate james ward . another british pro jamie delgado will also attend . for the 27-year-old 's many fans and friends in the town , at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community . it is understood local residents and businesses urged the former wimbledon champion to hold the april 11 service at the cathedral rather than at luxury hotel cromlix house in nearby kinbuck – so they too could toast his big day . the reception will be held at cromlix , which murray owns . kim shows off her engagement ring at the australian open in melbourne , australia , last january . the 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at cromlix , which seats only 28 . thousands are expected to line dunblane high street on the day . murray 's uncle niall erskine said : ' i 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of dunblane in the past . andy has admitted that , food aside , he 's left much of the preparation for the big day to his betrothed : ' kim 's been pretty much doing it ' . ' i 've tried to help out when she has asked , but i have n't been over-involved . i did all the food and cake tasting which i really enjoyed , although i did n't think i was going to . he added : ' it 's a big day for kim . pretty much everything is taken care of now . she seems fairly relaxed but as we get closer that might change . '