more than a dozen areas in the us have been shaken by small earthquakes triggered by oil and gas drilling , according to a government report released today . the man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states , including parts of alabama , arkansas , colorado , kansas , new mexico , ohio , oklahoma and texas . earthquakes , they said , were sometimes caused by fracking , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas . scroll down for video . the study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern us with increased rates of induced seismicity . since 2000 , several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity . researchers say there have been ' substantial increases since 2009 that continue today ' . they said the spike in seismic activity was largely down to the oil and gas industry injecting wastewater deep underground , which can activate dormant faults . many studies have linked the rise in small quakes to the injection of wastewater into disposal wells , but the geological survey 's report takes the first comprehensive look at where the man-made quakes are occurring . ' the hazard is high in these areas , ' said mark petersen , who leads the agency 's national mapping project . oklahoma lately has been rocked by more magnitude-3 quakes than california , the most seismically active of the lower 48 states , petersen said . oklahoma was not on scientists ' radar until recently when the state experienced a spate of quakes , the largest registering a magnitude-5.6 in 2011 . a 2014 united states national seismic hazard maps with the areas most at risk shown in warmer colours . recently , man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states , including parts of alabama , arkansas , colorado , kansas , new mexico , ohio , oklahoma and texas . the cumulative number of earthquakes with a magnitude of 3.0 or larger in the central and eastern us , 1973-2014 . the rate of earthquakes began to increase starting around 2009 and accelerated in 2013-2014 . earlier this week , the oklahoma geological survey acknowledged that it is very likely most of the recent shaking is from wastewater disposal . many faults awakened by drilling have not moved in millions of years , geological survey geophysicist william ellsworth said . ' they 're ancient faults , ' ellsworth said . ' we do n't always know where they are . ' a message to the american petroleum institute was not immediately returned . the industry group has said efforts are made to map fault lines where drilling occurs . the fluid pressure in the pores and fractures of the rocks is called the ' pore pressure . ' the pore pressure acts against the weight of the rock and the forces holding the rock together . if the pore pressures are low - especially compared to the forces holding the rock together - then only the imbalance of natural in situ earth stresses will cause an occasional earthquake . if , however , pore pressures increase , then it would take less of an imbalance of in situ stresses to cause an earthquake . this type of failure is called shear failure . injecting fluids into the subsurface is one way of increasing the pore pressure and causing faults and fractures to ' fail ' more easily . earthquakes can be caused by injecting fluid into the subsurface or by extracting fluids at a rate that causes subsidence and slippage along planes of weakness in the earth . source : us department of energy . increases in the number of tremors from 1960-2010 shown in various regions of the us . scientists said it 's difficult to know what jobs will trigger shaking . a group of experts met last year in oklahoma to pinpoint seismic hotspots around the country caused by induced quakes . scientists initially identified 14 regions affected by quakes linked to drilling . they later added three other high-risk areas - northern oklahoma-southern kansas ; greeley , colorado ; and azle , texas . the findings were released at a seismological society of america meeting in pasadena , california . seismic hazard maps produced by the geological survey and used for building codes and insurance purposes do n't include quakes caused by the oil and gas industry . scientists said it 's difficult to know what jobs will trigger shaking . researchers study man-made quakes in the affected areas to determine how often they are expected to occur in the next year and how much shaking they would produce . a series of earthquakes that rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations . in this image red squares are injector locations ; pink arrows , approximate location of two large brine production wells that are located both near the faults and near reported earthquakes swarms .