the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner . queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday . the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ‘ darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny’ . fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ' the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday . the snorkeller who discovered a sentimental ring at a bali resort has found the owner of the gold jewellery . ' i can not believe this , but we have found joe and jenny ! ! ' ms walsh said on friday . ' i have spoken to joe and he is over the moon that this special ring has been found and i am personally handing it back this weekend . ' what a crazy couple of days with an even crazier ending . one of the best things ever ! ! ! ! ! ' it 's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from . but revelations on social media suggest the pair are from the sunshine coast in queensland . queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday . ms walsh said she will be meeting with the pair this weekend to return the sentimental ring . ms walsh , from palm beach has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the couple on sunday . the incredible outcome comes after ms walsh , from palm beach discovered the hidden treasure while snorkelling in bali this week . ‘ so here’s a super long shot , ’ queensland resident roxy walsh wrote on facebook . ‘ found this gold ring snorkelling at finns beach club in bali today ( april 7 ) . ’ daily mail australia has contacted roxy walsh for comment . after attracting an overwhelming response from the public , she decided to set up a separate facebook page called ' find joe and jenny ' . nearly 4000 users have joined the page as they follow the journey of reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner . the post has been shared more than 128,000 times , taking the search for the special ring global . ‘ sometimes hear of these things finding their way home so worth a shot , ’ ms walsh wrote . roxy walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on facebook in the hope of finding its owner . roxy walsh ( pictured in bali ) found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april 7 .