the handsome italian maths teacher who has taken the internet by storm for being the perfect mix of beauty and brains has spoken out about his new-found fame . pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , says that he originally tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the university college london ( ucl ) where he taught for fear they might ' look down on him ' . in an interview with the times , boselli , an advanced maths lecturer with a phd , said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as abercrombie and fitch on his cv and was less than proud of his alternative career . scroll down for video . not your average teacher : wearing a tiny pair of green shorts , 26-year-old advanced maths teacher pietro boselli admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at ucl . the italian model , whose looks have seen him amass a following of nearly half a million users on instagram , is n't afraid to whip off his shirt to show his hard-earned muscles , pictured above with ' lifelong friend ' carmelo . more than just a pretty face : the lecturer has now achieved his phd and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy . he told the newspaper he did n't want students in his classroom or his teaching peers to know , saying : ' i think , in a way , i was ashamed . i thought people in academia would look down on me . ' growing up in italy , the young boselli was scouted by armani junior which started off a double life of studying hard for his exams and posing in front of the lens whenever he could . he calls himself a ' nerd ' and says that his studies were his priority growing up , forcing him to turn down lucrative jobs that would take him away from his books . his students at ucl , where he taught while studying for his phd , did eventually discover the fitness fanatic 's secret , after googling him . when one maths student , arief azli , discovered his 6ft 1in lecturer 's instagram account , which has now amassed more than 480,000 followers , and has plenty of images of him in varying states of undress , he tweeted : ' that moment when you realise your maths lecturer is a top designer model . ' azil posted a picture of his lecturer scribbling equations on the whiteboard next to one of him shirtless with the caption : ' only at ucl‬ ‪ # ‎mechanicalengineers‬ ‪ # ‎modellingandanalysis ‪ # ‎bromance‬ . ' other students soon followed suit and posted pictures of him taking classes , with one saying : ' this is why i never miss a class ' . boselli says he knew his students had cottoned on when they started to take ' sneaky ' images of him while he was at the front of the lecture hall . cycling in the sea ? he must be clever ! pietro says he trains once or twice a day to keep fit and is proud to show of his amazing body . a gruelling exercise regime keeps the model in tip-top condition : pietro posted this image of a recent rock-climbing expedition on his instagram account . huge following : pietro , pictured centre right with friends on a recent trip to brooklyn , has now finished his stint as an advanced maths teacher at ucl ( right ) to concentrate on being a full-time model . now the secret 's out , the model , who has signed for top agency models 1 , says he 's not worried about them seeing him posing topless . ' people ask me `` why are you topless in pictures ? why don’t you have any clothes on ? '' but training is a big part of my life . ' i started going to the gym when i moved to london and , like everything i do , i’m very focused . i train once or twice a day and i’m happy to get recognition for having a good physique . ' boselli has a phd in mechanical engineering and is hoping that the money he earns from modelling will help him to establish his own engineering company in london . and the bad news for all those currently brushing up on their algebra ? he 's got a girlfriend . although the model wo n't be drawn on her identity and there is little sign of her on his instagram account , he has confirmed that he is off the market . the fashion model posted this picture on his instagram account with a caption 'post-workout selfie ' . he describes himself as ' addicted to training ' and said he works out at least two or three times a day . one of his students , arief azli tweeted : ' that moment when you realise your maths lecturer is a top designer model ' . pietro 's academic achievements are easily as impressive as his six-pack . he was awarded the undergraduate faculty excellence scholarship for the most outstanding academic achievement in his first year at ucl , before going on to get first-class honours . the fashion model was discovered at the age of six by renowned designer giorgio armani who saw potential and said he should be a model . his instagram account gives an insight into his fitness regime as he posted a picture of himself in the pool , saying : ' boosts circulation , gets metabolism up to speed and strengthens immune system ! ' mr boselli revealed he works out two to three times a day and said his best feature is his ' perseverance and inconsistency ' . in an interview with f tape he said he would be concentrating on ' engineering , teaching maths and personal training ' if he was not modelling . he posted a picture of his washboard abs on his instagram , saying : ' lying in bed.. my point of view ' . mr boselli revealed he works out two to three times a day and said his best feature is his ' perseverance and inconsistency ' . he also revealed that arnold schwarzenegger , oscar wilde and the rolling stones were among his idols . hundreds of fans have taken to social media to say they would have concentrated slightly harder in lessons if mr boselli had been their teacher . rachel ruane said : ' would trade my maths teacher for him in a heartbeat oh my god # pietroboselli # teachmealgebraanyday . ' cassy chavez said : ' i would never miss a class too ! ' aly dos equis said : ' good thing this guy was n't my math teacher i 'd have a hard time paying attention . ' pieter botha ‏said : ' no fair ! i never had a math teacher like you ? i would 've passed . ' he won first prize in the tall fitness model category at the wbff european pro-am fashion event . his instagram account gives an insight into his fitness regime as he posted a picture of himself in the pool , saying : ' boosts circulation , gets metabolism up to speed and strengthens immune system ! '  