jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his cheshire home when he was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio . the then manchester united manager didn’t mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . no , stam’s representatives would discover that later . raheem sterling shakes hands with liverpool boss brendan rodgers during training on thursday . the two were at melwood alongside the rest of the liverpool squad in preparation for clash with arsenal . rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer . sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself , according to roy keane . but even so , it prompted roy keane to explain to me – for a column i was ghosting at the time - why a footballer should ‘ always look after no 1’ . united’s captain scoffed at the idea that loyalty really existed in football . ‘ jaap has discovered that , to football clubs , players are just expensive pieces of meat , ’ said keane , without a hint of concern as to how his views might impact on his own relationship with his employers . keane would probably feel raheem sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself . sterling might be 20 and he might want what seems a ludicrous amount of money for a player , while hugely promising , remains relatively unproven . but he already has a young family to support and he has ambitions not just to win trophies but to make as much money as he possibly can . in truth , the only issue right now is how he is choosing to go about getting what he wants . he has an agent , in aidy ward , who is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients – we saw as much when he turned up at old trafford last month with saido berahino – and the approach he is employing here is not exactly endearing sterling to anyone . sterling 's agent aidy ward next to saido berahino ( centre ) at old trafford for man united against arsenal . jaap stam was a fixture of manchester united 's central defence from 1998-2001 before being sold to lazio . former manchester united midfielder keane insists that a footballer should ' always look after no 1 ' . my guess is liverpool wouldn’t have been as upset by his appearance on the bbc as some might think . sterling and ward should probably realise that , right now , £100,000 a week is a generous offer . just as they should realise that switching to a club like manchester city might not be the smartest move at this stage of his development . better to remain at anfield where he will play regularly under brendan rodgers ; a manager who hasn’t exactly done a bad job of developing sterling so far . on friday , rodgers said he remained confident that sterling would stay ; that the situation would resolve itself in the summer . but i wonder if it will when ward and sterling are employing such aggressive tactics and liverpool have made clear their own approach to future contract negotiations with their players . for the top players liverpool pay handsomely . daniel sturridge is believed to be earning around £150,000 a week and steven gerrard always felt well-enough rewarded for a player ferguson once regarded as the ‘ most influential’ in the barclays premier league . liverpool striker daniel sturridge ( right ) is believed to be earning around £150,000 a week . steven gerrard trains at melwood as he keeps fit during his period of suspension for liverpool . but liverpool do not have the financial muscle of a city or a chelsea and that could yet result in them losing sterling . only recently ian ayre , the liverpool chief executive , explained the club’s strategy and a move towards more performance-related contracts . ‘ in any business you can make lots of money but if you let it go out of the door in other ways , then you are in trouble , ’ he said . ‘ the obvious biggest outgoing is players’ wages and transfer fees . that’s taken a pretty dramatic change in terms of how we look at it , analyse it and pay for it - and how we structure contracts . ‘ we pay good pay for our players ; we pay fair pay . but we also like to give them the appetite to earn more which we know footballers like to do . as we all do . ‘that’s a far cry from deals where it is sort of nailed on and then it doesn’t matter whether they perform or do not perform . ‘ so we are just trying to find a balance . i think other teams are doing that as well - or at least trying to do that . ‘ and it’s certainly working for us - we have a happy bunch of players . ’ sterling scored his first goal for england during their 4-0 win over lithuania last friday . the 20-year-old liverpool forward uploaded this picture to instagram from inside his home . clearly , not everyone is happy . but that is not necessarily liverpool’s fault . they have a business to run and they have a duty to run it well . at the same time , sterling will rightly feel he has a duty to his family to make as much money as he can during his relatively short career as a professional footballer . but he is not thinking it through carefully enough and nor , you suspect , is his agent . a footballer’s image can have a huge financial value in modern football and right now sterling’s is taking a battering . and if he does move to another club and he fails to progress at the rate he currently is at liverpool , he could find that has an impact on future earnings . not that anyone he seems to be listening to will be telling him that . 