a pair of childhood friends who played football together as boys are set to marry years as man and wife after reuniting when one of them underwent gender reassignment surgery . christopher dodd , 24 , and fay purdham , 27 , are now a couple , with the latter transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23 . the pair , who now live in south bank , middlesbrough , grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers . fay purdham and christopher dodd are to marry after reuniting years after miss purdham underwent surgery to become a woman . the pair grew up together as boys , playing football and playstation for endless hours . miss purdham , who was born kevin , ( left ) , began her transition after christopher ( right ) move away from the area where they both lived as children . soon after they parted ways fay , who was born kevin , started her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones . they reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding . ' when i saw fay again , i was gob smacked by how beautiful she was and i fell for her immediately , ' said mr dodd , who is studying chemistry at middlesbrough university . ' it took me some time to get my head around the fact that she used to be my best friend kevin but i have never looked at her in any other way other than the fact she is a gorgeous woman . ' the pair were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football . christopher was my best friend in the world when i younger . ' we used to be together all the time from when i was about nine going on 10 – he was a close family friend – and we spent hours together playing ' boy ' games when i was kevin , ' miss purdham said . the couple now live together and are planning their family , with miss purdham having frozen her sperm before changing gender . but even as a young boy she said she knew she was slightly different . ' i used to play with cars and guns and play sports like my friends , but i also loved playing with dolls . ' aged 12 , she realised she was gay and came out to her family after spending years dressing up in her sister 's clothes in wigs secretly . from then the youngster became increasingly feminine , saving up her pocket money to buy women 's clothes and experimenting with make-up . aged 16 she began taking hormones to begin her physical transformation , by which point christopher had already moved away with his family . ' i had gradually stopped playing with christopher and he had moved away anyway , ' added miss purdham . ' it was sad and i missed him but i didn’t think him , being a boy , would understand what was going on . ' when i started to transition from about the age of 16 , i lost touch with him and didn’t see him again for several years . ' in fact the couple did not meet again until mr dodd 's 21st birthday when miss purdham , who is unemployed , turned up with her sister . ' as soon as he saw me , he came over to me , ' she recalled . ' he had heard through family that i’d had surgery to become a woman but the last time he’d seen me i was kevin . ' his first words were : `` god you look different '' and we both burst out laughing . while mr dodd knew his girlfriend had changed genders through family friends , when the pair finally reunited at his 21st birthday party he said he was ' gobsmacked ' by her beauty . miss purdham with her sister . while the 27-year-old 's sibling and mother were accepting of her decision , she said she thinks her father found it more difficult to cope with . miss purdham had long been dressing up in her sister 's clothes and wigs by the time she told her family she wanted to become a woman . she is pictured above left , as kevin , and right , in a recent photograph . after coming out as gay and leaving school , miss purdham began experimenting more with women 's clothes . mr dodd , who is a chemistry student in middlesbrough , moved away with his family before miss purdham 's transition . ' now he had really grown into a handsome young man and i was very attracted to him right from the start – plus i had that feeling that he was also liking me too . “ we sat talking for ages about the old days and then suddenly , he kissed me - and it felt like the right thing to do . ' they began dating , with mr dodd eager to understand more about his new girlfriend 's transformation . ' he was curious about it all of course and a little afraid , i think . it was all new to him and the fact that i had been a boy and we had been so close at one time was a little difficult to get his head around . ' but he never ever treats me little anything less than the woman i am and he’s very respectful of me . ' they are now engaged and are planning a family , with miss purdham having frozen her sperm before undergoing gender reassignment surgery . ' we are so excited for our future . i still can’t believe that all this is happening – and that christopher has fallen in love with me given our backgrounds . ' i feel very lucky that fate crossed our paths again . he’s definitely the man of my dreams – and i know i’m his girl . ' the couple live together in south bank , middlesbrough . when they kissed for the first time , miss purdham said it felt ' right ' . 