george osborne has revealed he is secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark – and confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza . the chancellor claimed the ' one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign was to watch the programme , starring aidan turner and eleanor tomlinson . he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk . scroll down for video . mr osborne admitted that he was secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark , starring aidan turner . the chancellor said the television show was a ' fantastic advert for britain ' and particularly cornwall . ' i have n't seen the original series from the 70s , so it 's all new . it 's a fantastic advert for britain and british talent – and also for cornwall , ' the chancellor told the daily mail . ' i am sure many visitors will flock to cornwall from around the world when they see these wonderful scenes of poldark riding along the cliffs . ' it has been the one hour off during the whole of this campaign . i keep my 9pm on a sunday clear for that . it 's fantastic . it 's the very best of british television . ' asked whether he was was on ' team demelza ' or ' team elizabeth ' , the chancellor confessed : ' i 'm bit of a demelza fan , it has to be said . ' mr osborne confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza , played by eleanor tomlinson . mr osborne said he was ' delighted ' that the series had been shot in britain . ' frankly , under the tax regime i inherited a production like this would have gone somewhere else in europe , like ireland or on the continent , ' he said . ' i said i wanted the best tv done in this country . it 's about creating jobs . i think this series is going to run and run . ' it is understood that tax credits introduced by the treasury to encourage programme-makers to choose the uk has been worth more than £2 million to mammoth screen , the production company behind poldark . sources close to the company say that without the incentive , it would have been filmed in ireland . instead , it is going back to cornwall for a second series . poldark has attracted as many as seven million viewers , helping bbc1 to its highest ratings share for the first quarter of the year in a decade .