shelly sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband 's alleged mistress v. stiviano , saying she took the much-younger woman to court ' for justice ' . the billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge 's ruling this week that stiviano , 32 , must return $ 2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts . donald sterling , 80 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1.8 million house , luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades . but shelly insisted on wednesday she did n't take them to court over the money . scroll down for video . vindicated : shelly sterling , pictured at a clippers game last month , will receive $ 2.6 million from a woman her husband donald showered with gifts . shelly has said she took the woman to court ' for justice ' . ' i did it for justice , ' she said . ' i think when somebody harms you in so many ways , justice has to prevail . ' shelly sterling said she would donate the proceeds to charity . despite acknowledging marital problems , she also said she and her husband never separated . she said she drafted divorce papers last year , but never filed them . the couple testified at trial last month in los angeles superior court about their love for each other , displaying cards they had exchanged . still , donald sterling is suing his wife and the nba over the $ 2 billion sale of the team . a year ago , a recording of donald sterling telling stiviano not to associate with black people led the nba to ban him for life and fine him $ 2.5 million . his wife then negotiated a deal to sell the team with ex-microsoft ceo steve ballmer after doctors found donald sterling incompetent to handle his business affairs . together : donald sterling is pictured with v. stiviano in 2011 as they watch the clippers play . he lost the team last year after a recording emerged in which he told stiviano not to be seen with black people . shelly added on wednesday that she mourns the loss of the team . ' it was a horrible thing to go through , ' she said . ' they were like my family . to this day i still feel very bad about it . ' her husband 's lawyer on wednesday criticized her lawsuit as a ' pet project ' that had extended stiviano 's time in the spotlight . ' the sums spent by shelly sterling in pursuing this matter likely exceeds any amount that will be recovered , ' attorney bobby samini said . ' we remain perplexed that so much time , energy and money have been allocated to litigating with ms . stiviano . ' shelly sterling 's attorney scoffed at that statement . ' what do you expect from the lawyer for a husband who was caught red-handed gifting his mistress with millions of dollars of family money , ' pierce o'donnell said . in court : stiviano , pictured heading to court last month , accepted gifts worth $ 2.6 million from the older man and has now been ordered to hand them back over . the exact nature of their relationship was never clear . shelly sterling had filed the suit against stiviano a month before the recording of her husband telling stiviano not to associate with black people created an uproar and led the nba to ban him for life . in court , shelly sterling 's lawyers used other recordings from stivian 's iphone to show he bought his alleged mistress a house , a ferrari and other things . stiviano and the 80-year-old billionaire were heard discussing how to shield gifts from his wife . ' the truth is that everything that i have , you 've given me from your heart without me begging or asking or throwing myself all over you , ' stiviano said in snippet played in court . during the course of their two and a half years together , sterling gave her a ferrari , a bentley and a range rover , and paid the lion 's share of a $ 1.8 million duplex . sterling testified that he paid for the house , though stiviano said she had contributed an unknown amount of money given to her in small bills by family members that she saved in a bedroom drawer . but judge richard fruin jr. said this claim was ' not believable ' and he relied instead on a recording in which she told donald sterling : ' i want shelly to know you bought me the house . ' still smiling : stiviano , pictured showing off her new braces , was seen out in los angeles earlier this month . he ruled earlier this week that stiviano must now turn over the keys to the $ 1.8 million house and pay shelly sterling some $ 800,000 that her husband showered on the younger woman in gifts . it was stiviano who recorded the now-infamous conversation with sterling in which he berated her for associating with black people and urged her not to bring minorities with her to clippers games . in the subsequent furor , the nba banned sterling from the league for life , and he was ultimately forced to sell the clippers franchise he had owned for 33 years for a record $ 2 billion . the recording was leaked weeks after shelly sterling sued stiviano , alleging she was her husband 's mistress but the exact nature of their relationship was never clear . stiviano called him a lover and father figure but said they never had sex . donald sterling called her an 'ex-friend ' on the witness stand , though he said in recordings that he loved her and wanted to give her everything .