they are proud words but ones spoken with relief coursing through them . they are a mother’s innately , protective words . ap mccoy’s mum . ‘ we are all going to sandown on saturday , ’ says claire mccoy . ‘ it will be emotional in one way and relief in another . i’ll be glad and i will be sorry too . he has had a great career . ‘ twenty five years . it is the end of an era . i would not say i enjoyed every day of it and it is great he is hopefully coming out in one piece . tony mccoy poses with his mother claire mccoy at punchestown racecourse back in 2010 . ‘ but in the last few weeks , since he announced his retirement , i have been more nervous . you are thinking please god get out of this without getting hurt . ’ if you think claire mccoy has got her maths wrong - twenty five years ? – think again . there may seem a perfect symmetry in the way mccoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend when he crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport . but the timing is even better than it seems . exactly 25 years ago , the 15-year-old ap left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny . claire says seeing ‘anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’ . mccoy poses with his father peader and two sisters rosin and jane at limerick racecourse . she admits she still can’t believe her boy stuck it out at bolger’s academy for four and a half years . but the steely , dogged determination that enabled her son to not just re-write racing’s history books but tear them up and start again was already in evidence . claire said : ‘ it was 25 years ago this week that he left to go to jim bolger’s . he wasn’t even 16 . it was a beautiful day , like today , and i was heartbroken . mccoy grits his teeth as the going gets tough during his final visit to aintree racecourse . a young mccoy dons his silks and saddle as he poses with his father peader in 1990 . ‘ i can assure you there were many tears that day . kilkenny seemed so far away and it was . the roads weren’t as good as they are now . ‘ him and his father went with the late ( trainer ) billy rock in his horsebox . they were meeting jim bolger’s horsebox . i could hardly wait until his father came home and part of me thought anthony would maybe not go and come back . ‘ you could n't do that now – can you imagine a 15 year-old going away ? ‘ we had been down there before and left anthony for a couple of weeks . i thought , god he will never stay here but he was very determined . a young mccoy leads in wood louse following victory at downpatrick racecourse . arsenal legend ian wright will present ap mccoy with his 20th and final champion jockey’s trophy at sandown on saturday . track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club that the retiring rider supports . thierry henry had been lined up but his sky employers vetoed an appearance . another arsenal name expected at sandown is liam brady , one of mccoy’s heroes from his childhood . ‘ jim bolger’s gallops were 1,500ft above sea level – it was the wilds of ireland and the most beautiful setting for animals you ever saw in your life but i would not have said that for the apprentices . ‘ they weren’t living in luxury . the horses were living in more luxury than them . ‘ there was one public phone box and maybe 30 of them . it was a tough time . he was there for four and a half years and believe it or not , when he went to england he was was much closer to home . ’ derby winning trainer bolger is a mellower model these days . in his autobiography mccoy wrote of ‘ bollockings which made grown men cry’ while he was there . mass every sunday was compulsory and smoking and drinking banned . mccoy receives a kiss from wife chanelle mccoy after winning the ryanair chase on uxizandre . mccoy poses with his father at leopardstown racecourse after he rode colbert station to victory . but it was bolger who gave mccoy his first ride – seventh-placed nordic touch on the flat at now defunct dublin track of phoenix park on september 1 , 1990 . it was a moment captured by irish photographer pat healy . he said : ‘ i knew ap’s father peadar . he had bred thumbs up ( winner of the county hurdle at the 1993 cheltenham festival ) and i knew him from point-to-points . he asked me would i take a picture because it was his son’s first ride and he might not have many more . ’ the prediction turned out to be wrong but only by about 16,500 rides ! mccoy pushes parlour games into second during his final trip to aintree racecourse as a jockey . it had been at rock’s local stable that the mccoy jockey bug had really been born . the young ap spent every hour he could at the stable 11 miles from his home , at one point hitching a lift in a butcher’s van and ultimately cycling to the stable . much as she tried claire could not get her son to concentrate on school . she says : ‘ i might as well have tried to persuade a cat – he was never , ever going to stay at school . he would huff and puff because he didn’t want to go with me fighting with him . mccoy and his mother claire pose after he announced his impending retirement at leopardstown . ‘ him and i fell out and we argued . i threatened to no avail . mind you , his father did n't help me much . it was two and against one . i would n't say peadar was happy but he wanted to give him the opportunity to be a jockey . ‘ anthony was very determined . but he stuck it out . he is a very focused man . we speak a lot on the phone – not about racing , just every day normal things . we certainly don’t talk about his falls because i don’t believe a word he tells me ! ’ mccoy celebrates after winning on do n't push it following the grand national steeplechase . with claire and peadar at sandown will be their other son colm and daughters anne marie , jane , kelly and roisin . claire admits it has taken her son’s retirement to make her appreciate how high he is regarded . ‘ i don’t go racing that much but i went to leopardstown ( the day after he announced his retirement in february ) . it was that day i realised what people think about him and i think it has been the same in britain . ‘ i think he will cope fine with retirement . he is very strong-minded . ’ twenty five years on and nothing has changed . parents of mccoy , claire and peadar mccoy , pose after their son announced he would retire .