the family of one of the five men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in melbourne were warned by police the group were falling victim to islamic state recruiters . ahead of the arrests that stopped an alleged terrorist attack planned for anzac day , asio contacted the families of some of the would-be killers and cautioned them the men were becoming radicalised . the family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter , who groomed melbourne terrorist numan haider , according to news corp . scroll down for video . sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court on saturday afternoon . search warrants were obtained by police for the south-east melbourne homes of sevdet ramadan besim , 18 , eathan oswald almo cruse , 19 , ismail safi , 19 , and mehran azami , 18 , and another man who can not be identified . besim lived in hallam and cruse was from eumemmerring , while safi and azami hailed from narre warren . police said the threat was ' fully contained ' . it is alleged there was a plan in place to attack police and members of the public with swords and knives , which forced police to act . sevdet besim was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' and appeared in the melbourne magistrates court . he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . multiple photos of mr besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other isis supporters have also frequently used . victoria police deputy commissioner shane patton said the 18-year-old men , from hallam and hampton park , were ' associates ' of abdul numan haider , the 18-year-old who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a melbourne police station on september 23 . he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ' isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony . the duo were ' associates ' of abdul numan haider ( pictured ) . the second teenager is still being interviewed by police who plan to charge him with a number of offences related to preparing for and planning terrorist acts and possessing prohibited items . a number of ' edged weapons ' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched . victorian premier daniel andrews dubbed the plans ' simply evil ' on saturday morning , while insisting the individuals ' do not represent any faith , culture or religion ' . ' it is alleged both men were undertaking preparations for a terrorist attack at an anzac day activity in melbourne which included targeting police officers , ' australian federal police acting deputy commissioner neil gaughan said on saturday morning . commissioner patton later added : ' some evidence that was collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have , leads us to believe that this particular matter was isis-inspired . ' a total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the melbourne joint counter terrorism team operation named operation rising , which saw 200 officers ' raid seven properties on saturday morning . three of the men were released by victoria police on saturday evening . but , according to australian federal police acting commissioner michael phelan , all five had been on the radar of counter-terrorism investigators . ' particularly since late last month the investigation ramped up and it became very obvious to us that their plans were specific , ' he told reporters in sydney . ' we received information earlier this week that led us to undertake the resolution today . mr patton added investigations had begun last month . the teen was interviewed by police all morning before travelling to the magistrates court where he was charged . mr besim did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . australian federal police acting deputy commissioner neil gaughan ( left ) confirmed that two 18-year-old men had planned to target anzac day activities . victoria police deputy commissioner shane patton ( pictured ) later added that evidence ' collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was isis-inspired ' three other men , also aged 18 and 19 , were arrested separately in narre warren . pictured : one of the homes in the suburb where police made one of several arrest during terror raids . one 18-year-old man from narre warren was charged with weapon offences , while the two others men from the same suburb , aged 18 and 19 , are currently in custody assisting police with enquiries ( stock image ) . it is understood police chose to execute the search warrants immediately as they ' could n't be sure that they [ the arrested men ] would n't act earlier ' . an 18-year-old man , from hampton park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody . the three other men were released after being questioned for most of saturday . it is expected one of them - a third 18-year-old - from narre warren will be charged on summons with weapons offences . the two other narre warren men , aged 18 and 19 , have been released pending further enquiries . ' i think the entire australian community should be concerned about the young age of these men , this issue is not just for law enforcements agencies , but the broader community , ' mr patton said . ' we need intervention strategies to make sure they [ young adults ] do n't go down this path . ' mr patton confirmed that the arrested teens were not related , but were ' associates ' and some had attended the al furqan islamic study centre in south springvale . mr patton confirmed that the arrested teens were not related , but were ' associates ' and that some had attended the al furqan islamic study centre in south springvale . mr patton said police would charge the two teens with a number of offences including the possession of prohibited items , adding that ' edged weapons ' were found at one property ( stock images ) . mr haider , whose body is pictured being taken to the coroner for examination , died when he was shot by officers after stabbing two policemen outside a melbourne police station on september 23 . but he insisted the ' the individuals were acting by themselves and are not representative of any religious , cultural or national group ' . three of the teenagers are believed to have suffered minor injuries during the arrests and were taken for medical examination , with one man reported to have suffered a head injury . searches continued at several addresses throughout saturday . police said the investigations were ongoing . residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and 'fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . ' it woke me up , i heard a whole heap of screaming outside . it kept going for at least 20 minutes . it scared the crap out of me , ' one neighbour told the herald sun . ' i was woken up through hearing the car doors everywhere and the police telling them to get down , ' another said . most of the residents said they were shocked by the news of the arrests , describing the teenagers as ' lovely guys ' , ' nice people ' and ' the perfect neighbours ' . residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and 'fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . australian prime minister tony abbott ( right ) and australian federal police deputy commissioner michael phelan ( left ) address a media conference in sydney . mr abbott urged all australians to continue with their anzac day celebration plans as normal . prime minister tony abbott urged all australians to continue with their anzac day celebration plans as normal during a conference in sydney . ' we 've had this serious threat for quite a few months now but we have responded effectively to it at all stages , ' he said . ' the best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is to live your life normally , the best sign of defiance that we can give to those who would do us harm is to go about a normal peaceful , free and fair australian life . ' increased security measures including a strong police presence will be enforced at all public events across victoria and the rest of the country on anzac day . ' i think the entire australian community should be concerned about the young age of these men , this issue is not just for law enforcements agencies , but the broader community , ' mr patton said during a police press conference . pictured : mr haider 's funeral . mr patton confirmed that the arrested teens were not related but were ' associates ' , and that some had attended the al furqan islamic study centre in south springvale . pictured : mr haider . it comes just two months after sydney house-mates omar al-kutobi , 24 , and mohammad kiad , 25 , were arrested at their fairfield home just hours before they allegedly planned to carry out a terrorist plot . it comes just two months after sydney housemates omar al-kutobi , 24 , and mohammad kiad , 25 , were arrested at their fairfield home just hours before they allegedly planned to carry out a terrorist plot . police uncovered a machete , a hunting knife and an islamic state flag during a raid of their squalid granny flat in western-sydney . a video featuring one of the men standing in front of the flag while making threats of carrying out a terrorist attack was also uncovered . in september of 2014 , australia saw 15 men arrested across sydney 's west and north-west in the country 's largest ever terrorism-raids . more than 800 police officers searched 25 properties in the early hours of the morning with the aim of dismantling a terror-plot to behead a random member of the public . omarjan azari , 22 , who was arrested in his guildford home during the raids , faced court in late february after officers alleged he was involved in the plot . he was refused bail and will reappear on april 29 .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .