prince andrew will not face court action in the us over claims he had sex with an under-age girl , after a florida judge ruled her claims must be struck out . virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew’s friend jeffrey epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender . but last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a ‘ sex slave’ to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be ‘ struck from the record’ . scroll down for video . virginia roberts photographed with prince andrew in early 2001 . her claims she was forced to sleep with him have now been struck from the court record . prince andrew pictured leaving an easter service at windsor castle on sunday . the judge ruled the details of the accusations against him had no bearing on the reopening of the lawsuit against epstein . the judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of miss roberts’s allegations , but issued an order that the ‘lurid’ and ‘unnecessary’ claims should not be involved in the epstein case . ‘ at this juncture in the proceedings , these lurid details are unnecessary , ’ he wrote . ‘ these unnecessary details shall be stricken . ’ prince andrew is not mentioned by name in the ten-page ruling , made in the palm beach county court , florida . but judge marra refers to the powerful people miss roberts was allegedly forced to have sex with by epstein . her claims of taking part in an orgy with the duke and sleeping with him on two other occasions when she was 17 – below the age of consent in florida – were described as ‘ immaterial and impertinent’ . in 17 words , the judge may have drawn a line under a controversy that has dogged prince andrew since january . miss roberts , referred to as ‘ jane doe 3’ in court papers , and another woman were hoping to join two other alleged victims of epstein in suing the u.s. government over a plea deal prosecutors struck with the financier . jeffrey epstein allegedly kept virginia roberts as a ' sex slave ' . but judge marra ruled yesterday that the jane doe 3 and 4 applications should be denied and it was therefore ‘unnecessary’ for them to be added as plaintiffs . when the court claim surfaced earlier this year , prince andrew and buckingham palace refused to go into any details regarding the accusations . however , in late january he briefly referred to the allegations at the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , saying he wanted to ‘ reiterate and reaffirm’ palace statements that insisted he never had any sexual contact or relationship with miss roberts . she has repeatedly claimed she had sex three times with andrew when she was 17 – a claim he emphatically denies – and served papers on him via the british embassy in washington dc . but they were returned to sender . her legal team’s bid to serve papers on the duke came after courier fedex returned a similar letter as it was ‘refused’ by the recipient at buckingham palace . the court papers lodged in florida accused andrew of abusing miss roberts when she was 17 . she claimed that under the orders of paedophile epstein she was ‘forced’ to have sex with the prince three times in 2001 – in london , new york and on epstein’s caribbean island . the 55-year-old royal was so concerned about the allegations that he consulted top criminal qc william clegg . andrew’s long friendship with epstein was said to include lavish parties and exotic holidays , but it raised questions over the prince’s choice of friends . he was introduced to the billionaire by ghislaine maxwell , daughter of disgraced media tycoon robert maxwell . the fifth in line to the throne was forced to effectively cool , but not end , the friendship when sex claims were made against the financier . in june 2008 , epstein began serving 13 months of an 18-month sentence after pleading guilty to soliciting a girl , 14 , for prostitution . andrew was summoned by the queen after pictures emerged of him in new york with epstein in february 2011 , after the financier had been released from prison . it emerged epstein had given andrew’s ex-wife sarah ferguson £15,000 to help reduce her debts . last night buckingham palace declined to comment . the duke was not a party to the court action and was not given the opportunity to rebut the allegations through the court . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .