real madrid’s la liga and champions league chances have been dealt a major blow with confirmation that luka modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury . the croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against malaga on saturday and tests on sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee with a recovery time of between five and six weeks . the news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of gareth bale 's calf injury , picked up in the same game . the connection between the former tottenham pair is an essential part of carlo ancelotti 's side 's chances of picking up silverware this season . former tottenham midfielder luka modric is helped off the bernabeu pitch by medical staff . cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to gareth bale , who picked up an injury on saturday . luka modric hobbles off the bernabeu pitch have sprained a ligament in his right knee on saturday . modric could still be back for the champions league final but real madrid will have to get there without him . on wednesday when they play the second leg of their quarter-final against atletico madrid , poised at 0-0 after the first 90 minutes , they will almost certainly also be without bale . it’s one year on from his dramatic winner in the copa del rey final but bale , who also scored in the champions league final and the world club cup last year , is likely to be in a race to get back before the champions league semi-finals on 5-6 may should real reach them . gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the bernabeu on saturday evening . real madrid will have karim benzema back against atletico so he will partner crisitano ronaldo up front with james rodriguez , toni kroos and isco plus whoever ancelotti calls upon to replace modric in a midfield four . german international sami khedira and former real sociedad player asier illaramendi are the options . bale’s absence will be a massive blow for ancelotti . he said in midweek : ‘ bale was fantastic last season and has been very good this year . he scored goals in the finals last season and he will be important for us as this season reaches its climax . ’ and most real madrid supporters see modric as even more important to the team . the croatian injured himself towards the end of last year and when he missed three months of football it coincided with the team’s worst run of form . the welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for real 's champions league quarter-final . the spanish press reacts to real madrid 's injury ' crisis ' having beaten malaga 3-1 on saturday . cristiano ronaldo celebrates after securing the 3-1 victory late on against malaga on saturday .