an exotic animal owner from ohio is campaigning for his bear and big cats to be returned after they were seized by the state in january . in total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger ( part lion , part tiger ) were taken from kenny hetrick 's stony ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ' unsafe ' . authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself . apparently hetrick has been heartbroken by the clampdown on his farm and the 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure , backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie does n't pose a threat . scroll down for video . feeling lost : kenny hetrick is campaigning for his tigers , leopards and bears to be returned after they were seized by the state in january . they have organized car washes and handed him envelopes stuffed with thousands of dollars to pay legal bills . some spent the winter shoring up his cages with taller fences and netting , hoping the animals will return . ' he 's lost without them , ' said josh large , who lives four houses away . ' a lot of us are lost without them . ' hetrick allowed anyone to visit at no charge , getting by with help from volunteers and donations of cash , as well as of deer and horse meat to feed his animals . he thought of himself as an educator , inviting scout troops and families to learn what they would n't hear at zoos . flashback : in total six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger were taken from hetrick 's farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit - here he is seen in 2014 with his pet bear . however , the 2011 incident mentioned earlier pushed ohio to tighten regulations on ' private zoos ' . owners are now required to have sturdy cages , background checks and insurance before receiving an annual permit . since the beginning of last year , ohio has issued permits to 54 exotic animal enthusiasts . others gave up their animals or moved them out of state rather than make the changes . ' i know i did n't have everything done , but i thought they 'd work with me , ' said hetrick , who acknowledged before his animals were taken that he could n't afford everything the state wanted . the agriculture department says that it tried , but that he never responded to letters sent over a span of two years with the permit application materials until last october , nine months after the deadline , when it gave him ten days to surrender his animals . state officials in january rejected his application for a permit , which includes a $ 1,000 fee , saying it submitted was too late . they also said state inspectors who visited the sanctuary outside toledo last november discovered the tigers could stand on their housing and get dangerously near the top of their cages . the inspection noted there were unsecured padlocks and chains and not enough fencing around an enclosure holding a tiger and black leopard . ' if motivated , it would be very easy for either of those two animals to escape , ' said melissa simmerman , assistant state veterinarian . hetrick , whose pickup truck has ' tiger man ' painted on the side , disputes those assertions . ' nothing 's ever got loose . not in almost 40 years , ' he said . ' nobody 's ever been bit . nobody 's been hurt . ' empty : a sign affixed to a cage at tiger ridge exotics in stony ridge , ohio , indicates that it is the home of cody the bear - cody and 10 other exotic animals were seized by the state in january . lonesome : only chief the wolf was n't seized because it does n't fall under the exotic animal law . the ohio department of agriculture has a duty to protect the public 's safety , spokeswoman erica hawkins said . ' just because an animal 's never gotten out , does n't mean that an animal could n't get out , ' she said . hetrick is appealing the department 's rejection of his permit application and a hearing is scheduled for next week , but the fight will probably continue in court no matter what a state panel decides . until then , the ten animals - a lion named leo that had been in failing health was euthanized by the state last week - will remain a two-hour drive away outside columbus , in a high-security building operated by the state . ' today , the ohio department of agriculture did the right thing by seizing the wild animals at tiger ridge exotics who have been held illegally and long neglected . now , it 's been reported that the animals will possibly have to endure the stress of being tranquilized again and moved back to the roadside zoo—a potentially life-threatening move . this is a selfish stunt to prevent the animals from being sent to a sanctuary where they would finally receive the care that they so desperately need . peta is calling on the facility to do the right thing and allow these animals to enjoy a peaceful life at a reputable sanctuary where their needs would come first . ' source : toledo news now . supporters of hetrick believe the animals - only the wolf was n't seized because it does n't fall under the exotic animal law - have been mistreated and will not survive long outside their home . state officials insist they are fine . hetrick does n't have formal training with wild animals , but he has been around them about 60 years , since he was a ten-year-old volunteer cleaning cages at a zoo in tarpon springs , florida . his love for wild creatures grew when he moved to ohio . he first brought home an ocelot , often called a dwarf leopard . ' i tell people do n't start with a tiger if you do n't know what you 're doing , ' he said . he and his wife , who died four years ago , spent much of the money he made as an auto worker and police officer on the animals . even with donations , food alone for the tigers and others cost as much as $ 15,000 annually in recent years . their collection multiplied , often when others dropped off unwanted pets . his daughter , corrina hetrick , remembers going out to catch the school bus only to find an alligator swimming in a kiddie pool . there also was the time a black panther showed up in the back of a pickup truck . ' i did n't have cats and dogs , ' she said . ' i had bears and tigers . ' even the circus camped at his two-acre property while traveling between shows . ' we had elephants in the backyard and contortionists in the living room , ' she said . erica crawford , who has been visiting hetrick 's animals since she was a little girl and now brings her children , said she appreciates the uniqueness of the place . ' there 's never been a time , ' she said , ' where i felt like it 's not safe there . '