mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy . ' i expect a very good reception for him , ' said pochettino , whose spurs side entertain villa on saturday afternoon in the barclays premier league . ' he is a manager that worked here and spent a lot of time here as a player and a manager . he helped develop young talent too . tottenham hotspur manager mauricio pochettino gestures to his players at burnley last weekend . aston villa manager tim sherwood ( centre ) takes a training session at bodymoor heath on thursday . ' i hope it 's a very good reception from the supporters as he deserves that . ' on thursday , sherwood revealed he is still in touch with tottenham chairman levy and went as far as to thank the club for ending his five-month spell in charge last summer , as it meant he had the chance to take over at villa park . spurs occupy sixth place in the barclays premier league , seven points off the champions league qualification places . villa , meanwhile , travel to london on the back of a thrilling 3-3 draw against fellow strugglers qpr on tuesday . sherwood wildly celebrates during aston villa 's 3-3 draw with qpr in birmingham on tuesday night . sherwood ( right ) salutes emmanuel adebayor during his time in charge of tottenham hotspur last year . sherwood will be eager to prove a point - or three - at white hart lane , but pochettino was quick to acknowledge the work the former spurs midfielder did during his time in north london . ' i think that we share the same idea . we believe in young talent - this is great . tim , chris ramsey and les ferdinand deserve credit for the young players that have arrived in the first team . ' sherwood trusted in the likes of harry kane and nabil bentaleb last season , and those players have continued to thrive under pochettino . asked if it was a gamble by sherwood to give those youngsters a chance , pochettino joked : ' the big gamble was to play ryan mason against arsenal ... i remember people said pochettino is crazy for giving him his debut against arsenal . ' but yes , i think their work was great . tim deserves credit for that . ' pochettino predicts a difficult game , particularly given the form of benteke . the striker was sent off in the last fixture between the two sides , a 2-1 win for tottenham , but he was the saviour this week for villa against qpr , and now has seven goals in his last five . tottenham hotspur star harry kane charges forward as burnley goalkeeper thomas heaton grasps the ball . aston villa striker christian benteke celebrates after scoring the second of three goals against qpr . ' he ( benteke ) has great momentum . he is a very good player . a strong player . we need to be careful with him . ' aston villa have a very good side and tomorrow we expect a tough game . ' pochettino confirmed goalkeeper hugo lloris and right-back kyle walker will play no part against villa due to respective knee and foot injuries , while centre-back jan vertonghen is a doubt with a virus .