spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the atlantic . the video , taken from a plane yesterday , shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side . the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . scroll down for video . spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a drone barge in the atlantic ocean . the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida . soon after the launch , billionaire spacex founder , elon musk , tweeted : ' ascent successful . dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . ' landing the rocket upright was always going to be tricky . spacex once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . the autonomous spaceport drone ship is 300ft by 100ft ( 90 by 30 metres ) , with wings that extend its width to 170ft ( 50 metres ) . musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . the video , taken from a plane yesterday , shows the the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side . the booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt creates a huge explosion on impact . united launch alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named ' vulcan ' in 2019 . vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . the company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow spacex ' launch of falcon 9 , which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable . the aim of both spacex and ula is to end us dependence on russian-built rocket engines , but the technology has so far proven difficult . ula 's plan is to skip returning the whole booster , an approach favoured by rival spacex . it hopes to separate the engines after launch , inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to nab them mid-air . despite being destroyed , the booster 's flyback marks another step in the company 's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown , potentially slashing launch costs . ' this might change completely how we approach transportation to space , ' spacex vice president hans koenigsman told reporters during a prelaunch press conference . the falcon 9 is on now its way to deliver 4,300lb ( 1,950 kg ) of food , clothing and science experiments to the iss - including an eagerly awaited espresso machine for astronauts . the supplies should arrive the six space station astronauts on friday . the rocket was was due to take off yesterday , but the launch was scrubbed due to bad weather . on board the dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . the italians in charge of the project hope to revolutionise coffee-drinking in space . spacex , meanwhile , hoped to transform the rocket business by landing the first-stage booster on a platform floating a few hundred miles off florida 's northeastern coast , near jacksonville . the booster managed to land on the barge but elon musk said that ' excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over . elon musk tweeted this image of the booster coming back down to earth . musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . the booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ' just read the instructions ' in the atlantic ocean . musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . first-stage boosters normally just slam into the atlantic and sink . the booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ' just read the instructions . ' the dragon — the only supply ship capable of returning items intact — will remain at the space station until around may 21 . during a previous landing attempt in january , the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins , causing it to crash into the platform . a second attempt in february was called off because of high seas , but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart . at liftoff time , the orbiting lab was soaring over australia . the delivery of food and equipment will arrive friday . the launch sequence as it happened . all stages of the launch went to plan , except for the landing of the lower part of the rocket . spacex once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . musk recently unveiled the images of the falcon 9 failed second landing after persuasion on twitter by the game pioneer behind doom , john carmack . the isspresso machine uses a normal lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . the granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ' rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . the images show the rocket approaching the barge following last month 's attempt . after it fails to reduce its speed , the rocket is seen crashing at an angle and exploding . billionaire musk described the event simply as a ' rapid unscheduled disassembly ' . this is the california-based spacex company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from cape canaveral . spacex is one of two companies hired by nasa to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles . as well as a recently extended 15-flight , $ 2 billion contract with nasa , spacex is working on a passenger version of the dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to deliver commercial communications satellites into orbit . the company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the falcon rocket , which uses 27 engines , compared to the nine currently flying . the falcon heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year . while the booster landing did n't go to plane , the launch was successful . it took place at 4.10 et from florida under perfect conditions , after a attempt had to be scrubbed on monday due to lightning . on board the dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy .