it was a ' once in a lifetime ' opportunity to work with one of australia 's most well-known personal trainers . but followers of gold coast training queen ashy bines were shocked to receive an email on saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $ us49,500 per year . ms bines on monday apologised to her ' very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that , or $ 4,950 . ' there was a mistake in the wording , ' ms bines said in an email to her thousands of followers , after questions from daily mail australia . scroll down for video . ashy bines , pictured , upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $ us49,500 - ten times it 's real $ usd4950 price . ' it was meant to be 10 % of the price , but there was an extra zero on the end , ' ms bines said . ' it was meant to be a 10 % of the price , but there was an extra zero on the end . ' this caused a lot of girls to be very angry and upset with me which is the last thing i ever want . ms bines blamed the confusion on an unnamed editor . ' now everyone makes mistakes and my editor made a big boo-boo and felt terrible all weekend after seeing how upset my girls were . ' i am a terrible speller myself hence why i have an editor and i think this is her first mistake in 4 years ! ' i apologise for the confusion and so does my editor ' . one astonished follower wrote on ms bines ' facebook page at the weekend that she would be ' homeless and starving ' if she paid the originally advertised price . a spokeswoman for ms bines said spots in the program - which involved her taking ' your body , mind and soul to a whole new level of well-being ' - have sold out . ' i 'd love to do the program with the email where you give one on one advice but 50,000 omg that is what i make in a year , ' wrote ' brandi ' . ' goodness so sad i was super excited and saw the price no way i could do that i 'd be homeless and starving . ' a twitter user added : ' when ashy bines offers you the chance to get 1 on 1 coaching for 12 months for as little as $ 49,500 u.s . dollars . haaaa what a joke ' . a spokeswoman for ms bines said spots in the program - which involved her taking ' your body , mind and soul to a whole new level of well-being ' - have sold out . success story : ms bines has more than 250,000 facebook followers . ' this has never been offered before and is a once in a life time opportunity for someone who has severely struggled and serious about their goals , ' the spokeswoman said . ' this amazing offer has now been filled and is no longer available . ' ms bines apologised to her followers a few weeks ago after admitting several recipes were plagiarised in an old edition of her recipe book . in a video , she said she had left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ' better qualified ' to give advice . she added that she had expected the work would be completed in a more ' honest and professional manner ' . 