a young woman who thought she was doing her grocery alone made a surprising discovery after finding a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley . the unnamed woman , from the sunshine coast , found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane on wednesday . she pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store . sunshine coast snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away . a young woman made a surprising discovering after finding a mildly venomous snake in her shopping trolley . snake catcher richie gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store . ' the woman found it through a pile of trolleys downstairs and pushed it up the escalator before realising the sleepy little snake was there the whole time , ' mr gilbert told daily mail australia . ' she quickly alerted staff and they had a security guide standing 10 metres around it to keep an eye on it because they did n't know what type of snake it was . ' when i arrived , it was n't causing any trouble , especially when i untangled it from the trolley . ' as the weather begins to drop to cooler temperatures in queensland , mr gilbert said brown tree snakes are nocturnal so they try to hide in warm areas . ' they usually try to find somewhere warm to sleep , ' he said . ' it probably wanted to stay away from trouble and thought the trolleys were a good place to climb inside and hang there - it had no idea it was a trolley . mr gilbert later joked on his facebook page : ' i told the snake to next time try coming through the delivery door out back . haha . ' the brown treet snake was safely removed from the trolley after it had a little adventure up an escalator . while brown tree snakes are known to kill their prey by chewing to inject venom , mr gilbert said they are not regarded as dangerous to humans . ' they 're mildly venomous and i still do n't advise anyone to pick it up , ' mr gilbert said . ' brown tree snakes are not a threat and wo n't react in a threatening way but if you do get bitten , a pressure bandage should be applied and seek medical attention - as a precaution as with all suspected snake bites . ' we had one situation where a dad thought it was a good idea to catch a snake inside his house and give it to his seven-year-old daughter to play with the next day because he thought it was harmless . ' even though she was bitten and did n't show any signs of venom - i still advised him to take her to the hospital as a precautionary measure . ' but please , if you 're not 100 percent certain about a snake - do n't do what this person did . ' mr richie said while they release venom on its prey , the snakes are not regarded as dangerous to humans . mr gilbert said brown tree snakes are harmless and nocturnal , so they try to hide in warm areas . when it doubt about spotting a snake , mr gilbert suggests the best thing to do in a situation is move away slowly and try to take a photograph from a safe distance . ' send it to us and we can identify it for you and if it’s venomous or not - or whether we need to come out to catch it ourselves and relocate them , ' he told daily mail australia . ' if the snake is found inside a home in one of the rooms , it 's best to close the room and pop a towel underneath the door and then call us - nothing worse than having someone run out and lock their entire house and then tell us that `` the snake is somewhere inside the house '' . ' if you 're in the garden and you step on a snake and it 's in between your legs , just stand still because it 'll eventually slither away . ‘ be smart about it because 90 percent of the time , people who are bitten are often trying to kill it or scare it away . ‘ all snakes want to do is get away but if it doesn’t feel it can escape , it’ll strike – so be sensible when you spot them . ’