abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition . the 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home . bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ' it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na get through it . ' scroll down for video ... nervous : bruce jenner is seen greeting diane sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on thursday ahead of the airing of his sit-down interview in which he is expected to address gender transition . resolute : the former decathlete tells the journalist that it is ' going to be an emotional rollercoaster but somehow i 'm gon na get through it ' . the video then included a previously aired snippet of him talking about his family . ' i ca n't let myself hurt them . they 're the only ones i 'm concerned with , ' the reality star says . the video then shoots to footage of bruce 's older children ; burt , 36 and casey , 34 , ( from his marriage to chrystie crownover ) along with brandon , 33 , and brody , 31 , ( from his marriage to linda thompson ) who all appear in the latest snippet from the show . another frame includes a photograph of him with daughter kendall , 19 , and kylie , 17 , along with his stepdaughters kourtney , 36 , kim , 34 , and khloe . 30 . it ends with bruce looking to the future , and asking how his ' story ' will end . he says : ' i wan na know how this story ends , you know ? how does my story end ? ' looking to the future : the clip ends with bruce asking ' how does my story end ' . abc has kept a tight lid on friday 's much talked about broadcast , only releasing a couple of non specific quotes from bruce . the network is not expected to reveal much more in advance of friday 's program , preferring to give him the opportunity to address the topic in the full context of the interview . sawyer has not spoken to outside media about the interview , which was conducted in february — one day in los angeles , another in new york . she 's scheduled to promote it on abc properties on friday : good morning america , live with kelly and michael and the view . abc news executives also have n't spoken about it , not even confirming publicly until april 6 that the interview had taken place , until this friday 's airdate was set . tight lid : abc has only released snippets with non-specific quotes from bruce , paving the way for his story to air in full on friday 's air date . the tight lid enables abc to avoid the touchy issue of potentially ' outing ' a public figure before the person has had a chance to publicly address the topic himself . not everyone is waiting : the new york daily news on wednesday published a front-page picture of a person they said was jenner wearing a dress . the approach has left his syndicated entertainment newsmagazines starved for news . bessey said they 've done stories on the three 15- or 30-second promos that abc has released . the first abc promo showed two jenner images — one from behind and the other from the side as he talked with sawyer , his face obscured by shadows . in the second and third jenner is heard more clearly , and with two soundbites . ' my whole life has been getting ready for this , ' he said . he also talks of the importance of not hurting his children . moral support : the 65-year-old father-of-six appears alongside his four oldest children burt , 36 , casey , 34 , brandon , 33 , and brody , 31 ; the latest clip reused this previously aired footage from another promo . the interview was conducted before jenner was involved in an auto accident in which another motorist was killed . abc is expected to address the topic , although the timing precludes it from being raised with jenner . some of jenner 's children , pictured in one of the promos , are also expected to be interviewed . bessey predicted big ratings for the special . abc is airing it on a friday night , when tv-watching is usually low . two big interviews are among the top 100 most-watched telecasts of all time in the u.s. : oprah winfrey 's 1993 talk with michael jackson , seen in 36.6 million homes , and barbara walters ' 1999 interview with monica lewinsky , seen in 33.2 million homes . friday 's interview likely wo n't approach those numbers , but should certainly exceed the friday 20/20 average of 6.2 million viewers this season . bruce jenner the interview airs on abc on friday 24 april at 9/8c . not appearing in the interview : kim , 34 , khloe , 30 , and kourtney kardashian , 36 , as well as kendall , 19 , and kylie jenner , 17 , are not scheduled to talk during the interview .  