long , multi-stop air journeys need n't be a bore . instead of attempting to sleep curled up in an uncomfortable chair under strobe lighting , long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover . from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities , and can be the gate-way to some of the world 's most incredible attractions . here , mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport . while firearms are prohibited , hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at pittsburgh international airport . turkey archery in minnesota . if spas , business lounges and oyster bars are not your thing , how about spending your layover wielding a bow and arrow ? turkey hunting season begins in april and ends at the end of may , and is allowed in designated areas around the st . cloud regional airport , in minnesota . for around £7 ( $ 10 ) permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land . turkey hunting is allowed in designated areas around the st . cloud regional airport , in minnesota . deer hunting in pittsburgh . while firearms are strictly prohibited , hunting fans can practice archery deer hunting at pittsburgh international airport up until october . officials at the allegheny county airport authority offer a limited number of hunting permits in designated hunting zones at the airport . hunting is a rich part of pennsylvania 's history and the airport states on its website that hunting deer helps to meet its wildlife hazard management goals . drink too much . as well as leading to the kind of misbehaviour most cabin crew fail to appreciate , too much alcohol will mean you spend the next leg of your journey queuing up for the onboard toilet . and that 's not somewhere anyone wants to spend too much time . eat something dodgy . dreaming of oysters ? if you know they 'll do funny things to your guts , see above . get currency for the layover . it 's best to put any between flight purchases you make on your credit card , to avoid paying hefty conversion fees . go overboard in duty free . think of the extra weight when you 're eyeing up the large bottles of booze in duty free . not only will you have to check in any liquid you do n't consume , but do you really want the extra weight during your trip ? if you do treat yourself , make sure whatever you buy can fit in the overhead locker . from qatar airport you can do half or full day dune bashing tours which can take the edge of a long flight . dune bashing in doha . what better way to relieve the impending boredom of a lengthy flight than hurtling at top spend over the southern desert of qatar ? if you have a half day stopover , gulf adventures runs with a four hour off-roading trip into the expansive dunes that fill the southern qatar and can pick you up from the airport . or for a longer layover qatar international adventures offers seven or eight hour desert safaris taking in the inland sea - the natural border to saudi arabia , and an afternoon in a bedouin camp , m with the opportunity to try sand boarding , quad biking or snorkeling . the largest outdoor , seated bronze buddha in the world is close to the hong kong international airport . see a 112 foot buddha in hong kong . stopping at hong kong international airport ? take the s1 bus to tung chung and grab a 25 minute cable car ride over the bay to see the enormous tian tan buddha . at 112 foot tall and weighing over 250 tonnes it is the largest outdoor , seated bronze buddha in the world and one of hong kong 's top tourist attractions . singapore airport offers travellers a free two-hour city tour , which includes the famous fountain of wealth . visit the world 's largest fountain in singapore . if you are in singapore and have at least five hours to spare before your connecting flight , you can register for a free two hour sightseeing tour of the city . the heritage tour has a short stopover at the merlion park for panoramic views and takes in the colonial district , central business district and chinatown or little india . you will also get to see the world 's largest fountain - the fountain of wealth and the iconic esplanade . fancy some ohms ? san francisco international airport has two rooms dedicated to practicing yoga . downward dogs and warrior poses could be just what you need to unwind and stretch between long flights . sun salutations in san francisco . and relax . san francisco international airport has not one , but two dedicated yoga rooms for weary travellers to practise some ohms . airport officials claim that the soothing blue walls and low lights create a calm haven to reflect , stretch and relax between flights . the airport also boasts the berman reflection room , a space intended for silence and meditation . iceland 's blue lagoon is just twenty minutes from the airport , making for a blissfully relaxing layover . visit a thermal spa with a swim up bar in iceland . iceland 's spectacular blue lagoon is just twenty minutes from keflavik airport . reykjavik excursions can pick you and your carry-on baggage up from the airport and take you straight there , where you can bathe in the geothermal waters , smother your face in naturally healing silica and indulge in a drink from the swim up bar . with your luggage checked in through to your final destination and your hand luggage in the blue lagoon 's lockers , you can lie back and relax before heading back to the airport . 