just days after bruce jenner 's powerful interview with diane sawyer , another transgender person is making a monumental television appearance . starting in may , scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful . it will mark the television acting debut of schofield , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues . scroll down for video . major moment : scott turner schofield ( left , with thorsten kaye ) has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful . major figure : schofield ( left , right in high school ) is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues . the new york daily news reports that schofield will be playing nick , a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant , played by karla mosley . avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show . 'i’m maya’s best friend and i come from her world when she first landed in los angeles before she became the huge success that she is , ' said schofield . ' we met in the trans community together . i’m her friend that comes in and kind of help remind her that she is beautiful and whole and authentic exactly as she is . ' schofield , then added that much of the storyline will have to do with the discrimination members of the community face , and for that reason the role seemed in many ways as if he were playing himself . major storyline : schofield will be playing nick ( left ) , a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant , played by karla mosley ( right ) . cbs apparently reached out to a handful of transgender actors and personalities for the role , and schofield said that one person in the running was candis cayne , the actress known for her roles on shows such as dirty sexy money and elementary . schofield also reassured any concerned individuals that the show was making this a positive portrayal of a transgender person , and the struggles they face . ' it 's going in the direction that transgender people can be happy about , ' he said . ' and not only transgender people , but everyone who knows and loves a transgender person . ' schofield , who is based in atlanta , georgia , makes his first appearance on the show may 8 .