a woman stabbed her boyfriend through the heart after he arrived home to find her in a short dress and stockings about to have sex with her lover , a court heard . natasha elderfield , 41 , chased her partner off the boat they shared after he discovered her below deck with her lover , whose trousers were around his ankles , a jury was told yesterday . the court heard how she flew into a rage when boyfriend robert dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man . natasha elderfield , 41 , is on trial at oxford crown court accused of the murder of her boyfriend robert dobinson , 33 , in abingdon , oxfordshire . she told police officers who arrested her , ‘ my god , it’s so ******g funny’ , after stabbing mr dobinson and leaving him to die on the banks of the thames , the jury was told . mr dobinson , 33 , had been dating mother-of-two elderfield for about two years . the couple had had sex in the morning of the day he was killed , the court heard . the court heard that elderfield’s lover , tony steggles , had brought a large amount of alcohol to the boat , and a ‘sulky’ mr dobinson had left to spend the afternoon with a friend . as elderfield and mr steggles spent the afternoon drinking and dancing , mr dobinson repeatedly called his girlfriend in a jealous rage – with his constant interruptions making her more and more infuriated . at one point , she became so enraged that she called the police , telling the 999 operator ‘he’s had his ******g due , i’m not having this any more’ . the court heard how , within ten minutes of that phone call , blood-soaked mr dobinson was staggering desperately along the bank of the river , yelling ‘ help me , i’ve been stabbed’ . describing the afternoon the two lovers spent on the boat , prosecutor charles ward-jackson told the court : ‘ natasha elderfield had on a short dress and for a while she also had on stockings and they were getting affectionate and were on the point of having sexual contact . ‘ she had spent a very pleasurable evening with her new lover mr steggles – drinking , dancing , the promise of sex – and it was being interrupted by her very irritating ex-partner and she was fed up of it . ‘ that is the background against which mr dobinson arrived . ’ after storming back to the boat , moored where the couple lived in abingdon , oxfordshire , mr dobinson went below deck to find his girlfriend and her lover in a tryst . the scene of the alleged murder on the banks of the river thames in abingdon , oxfordshire . mr ward-jackson told the jury : ‘ it is likely that mr dobinson knew or suspected about this affair and not surprisingly resented it . ‘ within a short space of time mr dobinson arrived on the boat . natasha elderfield and mr steggles were down in the cabin and were about to have sex . ‘ he had his trousers down when mr dobinson came down into the cabin and his arrival must have been extremely unwelcome . ’ the court heard a fight broke out , with elderfield throwing crockery at mr dobinson’s head and he in turn hitting her over the head with a fire extinguisher . the jury heard she then chased him out of the cabin armed with a 4.5in kitchen knife and stabbed him through the heart . ‘ she returned to the boat , still holding the knife in an overhand grip , and told mr steggles : ‘i’ve stabbed the bastard . ’ elderfield , who told police that mr dobinson had accidentally walked on to the knife during a heated argument , denies murder . the trial continues . police cordoned off a large section of the river bank after mr dobinson was found with fatal stab wounds . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .