point guard stephen curry nearly single-handedly outscored new orleans with 11 first-quarter points as the warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory in game one of their western conference first-round series . game two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for monday night in oakland . golden state , the top seed in the west , picked up right where it left off in the regular season , recording a 19th straight home win and 40th in 42 games this year . stephen curry scored a stunning 34 points for the golden state warriors in there play-off game . the warriors did it by taking a 25-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter , then holding on . ' we missed a lot of free throws , which made it a lot closer than it needed to be , ' coach steve kerr said . ' but in the playoffs you 've just got to get it done somehow . we 're up 1-0 . that 's where we want to be . ' curry led the warriors with 34 points , hitting 13 of 25 shots and four three-pointers . all five golden state starters scored in double figures . guard klay thompson complemented curry with 21 points , while power forward draymond green ( 15 points , 12 rebounds ) and center andrew bogut ( 12 points , 14 rebounds ) recorded double-doubles . the point guard has been in spectacular form as he looks to lead the warriors to the nba glory . curry celebrates after scoring a three-pointer on his way to scoring 11 first quarter points . new orleans power forward anthony davis scored a game-high 35 points , 20 in the fourth quarter . he also blocked four shots and grabbed seven rebounds . small forward quincy pondexter , assigned to cover curry most of the game , added 20 points for the pelicans . visiting washington outscored toronto 11-4 in the overtime in winning the opener of their first-round playoff series . washington traveled to toronto and came away with the victory with a confident overtime performance . forward paul pierce started the overtime with a three-pointer and scored 20 points to lead the wizards , who let a 15-point lead slip away in the fourth quarter before winning . guard bradley beal added 16 points for washington and forward nene contributed 12 points and 13 rebounds . forward amir johnson came off the bench to lead the raptors with 18 points and guard demar derozan added 15 points . paul pierce ( left ) top-scored in the clash with 20 points as the wizards secured an important play-off win .