arsenal midfielder santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid , although he admits that ' you never know what the future will bring ' . cazorla is enjoying one of the best periods of his career , having scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 barclays premier league appearances this season for arsenal . the 30-year-old spaniard 's impressive displays have seen him linked to a return to his homeland with atletico madrid , and cazorla admits he has heard about interest from the spanish capital . spanish midfielder santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid . cazorla is in his third season with the gunners but enjoys life in north london and is happy to stay there . but despite the possibility of a move back to his home country , cazorla says he is happy with his life at arsenal and with his wife and children in north london . ' i 've heard ( about atletico 's interest ) , like everybody , ' he said . ' but at the moment there is nothing concrete , only rumours . i do n't worry about that . ' i 'm focused on arsenal , where i am very happy . i have another year on my contract and the option for one more . ' cazorla has been enjoying some of the best form of his career for arsenal with season , scoring seven goals . cazorla signed for arsenal in the summer of 2012 for a £16.5million transfer fee from malaga , and he has been a key man in arsene wenger 's squad ever since . with speculation of summer moves to bring big stars to the emirates stadium inevitable , cazorla admits it remains important for him to be a valuable player and hinted that if that was compromised he could eventually leave . ' as long as i feel valued , i will continue here , ' he told el mundo . ' although you never know what the future will bring in football . the spaniard did say that his continuing at the club would depend on him still feeling valued by arsenal . ' i live in hampstead , 15 minutes from the training ground , and it 's really nice . ' it 's the perfect place for my kids to go to school ... very calm . they 're picking up the language quickly , which is really important for me and my wife . ' 