they say all it takes is one celebrity to make it to the big time , but in a sea of celebrity stylists , making a name for yourself can be quite the challenge . but not for three women who are not only scoring red carpet gigs and a-list actors but are now being dubbed ' power stylists ' in hollywood reporter 's ' power stylist for 2015 ' hit list , thanks to their a-list aussie starlets . scoring sixth place on the list is elizabeth stewart , a former fashion editor for women’s wear daily and the new york times and whose credited with styling australian actress cate blanchett as well as mega stars including sandra bullock , julia roberts and amanda seyfried . scroll down for video . aussie sartorial style : naomi watts regularly makes best dressed lists ... and now her stylist has been included in one too . red carpet winners : the stylists behind aussie stars ' including cate blanchett and margot robbie have all made the top 10 in hollywood reporter 's power stylists lists . popular australian comedian rebel wilson also recently enlisted stewart 's style advice in a bid to bring a sense of ' classiness ' to her image in tinseltown . stewart was also voted number one stylist on the hollywood reporter 's power stylist list last year , and was also blamed for causing a major fashion stir for having blanchett ( dubbed ‘ the darling of hollywood’ ) be the first to step out in a black frayed dress for maison margiela by john galliano ( after the disgraced designer left valentino ) during her blue jasmine acclaim . also notably scoring eighth place was cristina elrich , the stylist responsible for creating a fresh faced glamour look for aussie beauty margot robbie ( during both her blonde and brunette red carpet appearances ) and an amazonian style for mystical australian actress isabel lucas . style sisters : jeanann williams , naomi watts ' longtime stylist , placed ninth on the list . personal and professional : jeannan also used to date naomi 's brother ben , and the pair share a daughter . elrich’s other accolades include styling stars such as penelope cruz , jessica biel and girls star allison williams . straight after elrich is naomi watts 's stylist jeann williams , making the hit list at number nine . williams manages to keep the ‘diana’ star on the watch list every event ( and is also well versed in maintain watt’s partner liev shreiber’s dapper look beside her on the red carpet ) . williams has had a strong advantage with her a-list clientele , when watt’s , one of her most famous , is also the aunt to her daughter ( williams used to date watt’s brother acclaimed photographer ben watts ) . despite the long list of hollywood’s elite fashion royalty , to have three stylists most known for creating the glitz and glamour of australia’s finest up there in the hit list at the very least deserves a shout out . fashion star : cristina elrich is the women behind margot robbie 's latest red carpet moments . celebrity favourite : elrich ( left ) also styles penelope cruz , jessica biel and girls star allison williams . glam squad : elizabeth stewart ( far left ) was part of cate blanchett 's team for this year 's oscars . glamour : as well as styling blanchett , stewart is also responsible for styling some of the biggest names in hollywood : julia roberts ' , sandra bullock , and amanda seyfried . 1 . petra flannery . 2 . leslie fremar . 3.karla welch & kemal harris . 4.kate young . 5.ilaria urbinati . 6.elizabeth stewart . 7 . leith clark . 8 . cristina ehrlich . 9 . jeanann williams . 10 . joseph cassell . 11 . jessica paster . 12 . brandon maxwell . 13.micaela erlanger . 14.rachel zoe / rachel zoe studio . 15 . erin walsh . 16 . jeanne yang . 17 . rob zangardi & mariel haenn . 18 . sophie lopez . 19 . wendi & nicole ferreira . 20.ryan hastings . 21 . samantha mcmillen . 22 . jason rembert . 23 . penny lovell . 24 . tara swennen . 25 . rebecca corbin-murray . 