the devastated fiance of the late ' wellness warrior ' jessica ainscough has written an emotional letter to her followers , revealing she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and ' giggling and drinking green smoothies ' in her hospital bed until the day she died . ms ainscough , 30 , died in late february following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma . she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson therapy , which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support . but after discussions with ' oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , in her final weeks - the most ' difficult ' weeks of her fight - ms ainscough began a course of targeted radiation , her partner tallon pamenter has revealed . ' this was a risky and tough decision , but jess bravely embraced this last chance option , ' he said . jessica ainscough ( left ) was planning to marry her partner tallon pamenter this year . she died after a long fight with cancer in february . ' this year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life , ' mr pamenter said . tribute : jessica ainscough died in late february after a seven-year-long battle with cancer . ' in true wellness warrior style , we integrated our natural healing regime with the recommended radiation . ' finally the walls were broken down between conventional and unconventional medicine - i do n't know why as a society we must choose one or the other . ' this was something jess was looking forward with sharing ( with her followers ) . it was an exciting evolution from her earlier days of feeling that she had to be part of one extreme world or the other . ' mr pamenter said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple - who were planning to marry this year - had been through . ' jess displayed a sense of courage and grace that i am yet to see in anybody else i have ever met - myself included . ' the radiation successfully managed to shrink the tumour but ' some complications arose during the final stages of treatment ' . ' not long after , the words i love you would leave my lips only to fall softly upon jess 's ears for the last time . ' i said goodbye to the love of my life that day and my heart has been in a million pieces since . ' ' jess displayed a sense of courage and grace that i am yet to see in anybody else i have ever met - myself included , ' she ' showed ( her partner tallon ) what it means to live in a world full of love ' , he said in his tribute . ' i said goodbye to the love of my life that day and my heart has been in a million pieces since ' . ' this year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life . ' i have been taken to a place so foreign and unknown with no navigational bearing on how to get back . ' loved ones tell me to be strong during this time ... but the thing is i do n't want to be strong ... i want to cry when i 'm sad , yell when i 'm angry and smile during those fleeting moments of happiness brought on by the memories we created together . ' i want to sit in silence and be present with every single emotion that decides to show up . ' it 's in those moments i feel closest to her . ' ms ainscough made the decision to undergo radiation after the fungating tumour in her left shoulder became large and painful . it began to interfere with her ' ability to enjoy her favourite things like walking our furbabies on the beach ' , mr parmenter said . mr pamenter told daily mail australia she planned to tell her followers about her new treatment just days after she passed away . ms ainscough was diagnosed with cancer in 2008 when she was 22 and working at dolly magazine , a favourite of teenage girls . she initially underwent targeted chemotherapy to her left arm , according to reports , but the cancer returned a year later . she also refused doctors ' advice to have her left arm amputated . jessica 's mother was also diagnosed with cancer in 2012 , and , inspired by her daughter 's fight , she also adopted the gerson therapy method . the alternative treatment did not work , and her mother passed away in 2013 , an event which ms ainscough said brought her to her knees . mr pamenter said his partner ' showed me what it means to live in a world full of love ' . she was laid to rest in early march .    