a 19-year-old has been arrested after taunting police on facebook while on the run . jake castner , from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts . on his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site : ‘ we don’t talk to police ! ’ but on monday morning victoria police say they arrested and interviewed castner ' in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the bacchus marsh and ballarat areas ' . he was arrested in the mount helen area just after 11.30am . the troubled teenager’s facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘ bud for cash’ and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe . joking about the ‘nightmare’ title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences , he wrote on sunday : ‘ me i’m ur worst “nightmare” . ’ jake castner , from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . the 19-year-old joked about the ' nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last november . on sunday , on his fourth day on the run jake castner said ' we do n't talk to police ' . on april 6 , castner boasted ' police ca n't catch me when i 'm prowling ' . a victoria police spokesperson told daily mail australia before he was arrested : ‘ a warrant has been issued for his arrest in relation to a number of burglary and theft related offences in the bacchus marsh and ballarat area . ’ on 7 april he claimed he had a locked iphone 4s for sale and boasted ‘f**k the police can’t catch when i’m prowling haha raided and hit all the legsyz out the window with timmy in the shadows gone [ sic ] . ’ on 6 april , he begged for a lift for a lift to hospital and asked for his mother’s phone number . on 7 april castner claimed he had ' iphone 4s locked ' for sale on his facebook page . in numerous social media posts castner asked for lifts in return for ' bud ' . in another recent post he asked for ' bud 4 cash ' via facebook . on 6 april , he begged for a lift for a lift to hospital and asked for his mother’s phone number . castner pleaded guilty to 33 offences in november last year . ' just got raided who can give me a lift might have to go hospital what’s my mums number ? any1 [ sic ] , ’ he wrote . when a friend asked if he is ok , he replied : ‘ no tripping’ . the courier reports jake castner pleaded guilty to drug possession and evading police amongst other charges in november . local magistrate cynthia toose said in court : ‘he’s a nightmare . he goes in and ransacks little children’s bedrooms because he’s got a drug addiction . ’ he ' ransacked ' a child 's bedroom in the past , magistrate cynthia toose said .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .