this incredible video shows the moment a world freediving champion jumped into the world’s second deepest underwater sink hole . the dramatic footage shows guillame néry standing at the edge before jumping in - all without scuba gear and simply holding his breath . and in the video he seemingly reaches the bottom of the 660ft ( 200 metes ) hole before swimming back to the surface . french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas . guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge ( shown ) . the hole is 660ft ( 200 metres ) deep , although he does n't go to the bottom . free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes . the video was filmed in 2010 by the frenchman 's girlfriend and fellow freediver julie gautier . it takes place at dean’s blue hole in the bahamas , the deepest so-called ‘ blue hole’ in the world with an underwater entrance . in order to stay alive , the brain is constantly telling the body to breathe . if you don’t obey its primitive urges , carbon dioxide soon starts building up in the body , prompting an overwhelming desire to take a gulp of air . to fight that instinct , a competitive breath-holder has to work hard at expanding his lung capacity with a regular series of intensive breathing exercises . they practise ‘ static apnoea’ once or twice a week , as well as ‘ dynamic apnoea’ - holding breath while swimming - once in a while for fun , and also general fitness training . he also follows a diet high in fruit and vegetables , as well as broccoli , cauliflower and fish oil . however , néry revealed a few years ago that he didn’t really reach the bottom of the hole - it’s just filmed that way for artistic reasons . but the video is still incredibly impressive , as he holds his breath for minutes on end . freediving is a form of underwater diving where no scuba gear or breathing apparatus is used . to breathe for minutes , free divers go through sophisticated mind-body control techniques to push self-induced apnoea - the science of not breathing - to the limits . some free divers can hold their breath for more than 20 minutes . stig severinsen , for example - nicknamed the man who does n't breathe - is the holder of multiple records in diving using his ' state of zen ' technique to control his breathing . in october 2012 , mr severinsen broke the record for the longest time breath held voluntarily by a male by spending 22 minutes with his head submerged in a pool in london . the dive took place in 2010 at dean’s blue hole in the bahamas ( marked ) , the deepest so-called ‘ blue hole’ in the world with an underwater entrance . the video was filmed back in 2010 by the french free diver’s girlfriend and fellow freediver julie gautier.it takes place at dean’s blue hole in the bahamas ( shown ) , the deepest so-called ‘ blue hole’ in the world with an underwater entrance . 