a pregnant model whose sexy selfies have turned her into an overnight internet sensation has snapped yet another another lingerie-clad photo of herself flaunting a barely-there baby bump - just 10 days before she is due to give birth . sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , has documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . although the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure , claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child , their comments have n't stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her tight abs with her 1.5 million instagram followers . scroll down for video . so soon : pregnant model sarah stage snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump 10 days before she is supposed to give birth to her son . feeling sexy : the 30-year-old mom-to-be celebrated being 38 weeks pregnant by sharing this photo of herself in a gold lamé bikini . sarah , who is of european and costa rican descent , took to instagram on monday to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet # babyjames . ' the snapshot of herself in a bra and thong underwear has been liked nearly 45,000 times since it was posed and has earned nearly 5,000 comments . many women noted that they found sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . ' i 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . you look absolutely gorgeous @ sarahstage # amazing [ sic ] , ' one fan wrote . baby boy : after posting this bikini photo on instagram in march , she noted her son is ' growing so much ' . haters gon na hate : sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . proud of her bump : sarah struck various photos for these selfies of herself in her underwear . ' you look absolutely lovely . hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ' if i ever have children , i 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . i 'm sure james will be amazing ! congratulations . ' others compared their figures to pregnant sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ? ! lord jesus help us all ! i look like this after dinner [ sic ] . ' ' i look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . meanwhile , some people noted her son must be as tiny as she is . bump to bump : sarah and her friend compared their growing bellies for this playful picture . just like dad : sarah shared this adorable photo of matching father and son timberland boots . ' baby james will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . and when she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the expecting mom has been posting pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . on wednesday sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized timberland boots , writing : ' daddy & baby shoe game [ sic ] . ' and despite her critics , sarah refuses to hide her eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . stylish mom : sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she is wearing in this picture . looking good : sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ' date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant . she shuns baggy dresses and instead dresses her bump in fitted lycra or nothing at all . the fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and captures herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , sarah has continued to proudly model whilst carrying . two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ' btw if you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ' i 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . ca n't wait to meet james ! # nfg # 37weeks [ sic ] . '