a naturally red-headed sixth form student has been told to tone down her hair colour or she will be barred from classes for being ' too ginger ' . emily reay , 17 , who has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter , is a pupil at trinity school in carlisle , cumbria , and claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years . but on her return to lessons following the easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down after teachers decided the colour was inappropriate . emily reay ( pictured ) a pupil at trinity school in carlisle , claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years . but now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons . ' everybody knows me as that `` young ginger singer '' ' : talented musician emily says her hair is her trademark . now , during her last year of a-levels , emily - who is naturally auburn - has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance . she was informed of the action being taken at the end of monday 's assembly . ' i was very angry at first , and then burst into tears . i 've had the same colour for the past three years , and nobody at school has commented on it , ' said emily at her home in carlisle . a talented musician , emily claims her ginger hair is her trademark . determined not to miss out on important lessons emily says she will return to school with her hair pinned up . emily says teachers at trinity school in carlisle say she is banned from lessons until she changes her hair . ' everybody knows me as that `` young ginger singer '' . for me it is a confidence thing . if i had to dye my hair brown , i would lose this , ' said emily . her parents julie and andy reay went to the school to discuss the matter with sixth-form headteacher andrew winter . they claim they were told that emily 's hair colour needed to be changed by next monday or she would not be allowed to continue her education . ' i had to dye my hair to a more natural colour , or tone it down considerably , ' said emily . ' i offered to pin it up , or wear a beanie hat , but i was told ' no ' to both . ' her parents are backing their daughter 's decision not to change her hair colour . determined not to miss out on important lessons emily ( pictured ) says she plans to return to school with her hair pinned up and ' hopes nothing is said ' . ' they had her in tears . they do not realise what her hair means to her , ' said mrs reay , 44 . ' the irony is she is playing scaramouche in the school 's adaptation of we will rock you , which is about society suppressing people 's creativity and self-expression . ' the school 's uniform policy clearly states no unnatural hair colours , like blue or green . but is ginger not a natural hair colour ? ' she added . emily said : ' i was told my hair had been a bone of contention since the beginning of the school year but they had let it slip up until now . ' but the laughable thing is my hair was brighter than this on prom night and i won best hairstyle award . ' mrs reay added : ' emily has natural auburn hair , but her hair has been this colour for so long now it is part of her . ' it 's like living in the victorian times . i would say her education is more important . ' determined not to miss out on important lessons emily says she will return to school with her hair pinned up . ' i have to hope nothing is said . it is too damaging a stage for my education . ' sixth-form head mr winter said : ' trinity school sixth-form students are role models for the rest of the school . we have a policy of maintaining high standards . ' all sixth form students are issued with information about what is acceptable or unacceptable at the start of the academic year . the vast majority of parents are very keen on our high standards . '