atletico madrid are meeting with representatives of palermo over the signing of argentine forward paulo dybala , according to reports in spain . dybala , whom the serie a club value at £29m , has also been linked with arsenal and chelsea but it seems the la liga side are in the box seat . as report that a representative for palermo , gustavo mascardi , is in madrid and is set to meet the atletico hierarchy on friday . atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo 's paulo dybala , according to reports in as . argentine paulo dybala has attracted interest from a number of leading european clubs . he will then report back to palermo president mauricio zamparini and to dybala , who has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season . dybala , 21 , has made clear his desire to play champions league football and is n't short of interest , with juventus , roma , inter milan and paris saint-germain all in the race . elsewhere , as profile the porto coach julen lopetegui , who masterminded their 3-1 champions league win over bayern munich on wednesday night . ' lopetegui grows and grows , ' they say on their front page , linking him with the real madrid job that might become vacant this summer . lopetegui represented real as a player and also coached their b team in the 2008-09 season . marca report that real boss carlo ancelotti has upset isco by demanding that he rediscovers the ' defensive intensity ' that made his ' an undisputed starter . ' they also focus on the race between the stars of real and barcelona to reach 100 goals for the season . at the moment , barca 's deadly trio of lionel messi , luis suarez and neymar have 91 goals to the 88 of cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema . marca report that real madrid coach carlo ancelotti has upset isco by telling him to be more defensive . mundo deportivo have installed barcelona as favourites to win the champions league . mundo deportivo feature a picture of the barcelona team that won 3-1 in paris on wednesday night and proclaim them ' favourites ' to go on and win the competition . they report that bets on barcelona winning the tournament have increased following their ' exhibition ' against psg that featured a double for suarez and another for neymar . in italy , the sports dailies reflect on thursday night 's europa league action , with gazzetta dello sport running the headline ' napoli lions ' after their stunning 4-1 win away to wolfsburg . there were ' four candles on rafa benitez 's birthday ' as the serie a side , inspired by gonzalo higuain , went goal crazy in germany . gazzetta dello sport in italy praise the performance of napoli as they beat wolfsburg 4-1 . napoli 's impressive europa league win has also made the front cover of corriere dello sport . fiorentina , meanwhile , showed a ' purple heart ' to claim a 1-1 draw away to dynamo kiev thanks to khouma babacar 's 92nd minute equaliser . corriere dello sport hail napoli 's win as ' a big thing ' and say they are already into the semi-finals . tuttosport look at who could replace carlos tevez in the juventus attack should the argentine choose to leave in the summer . their shortlist for the post-tevez era features psg 's edinson cavani , manchester united flop radamel falcao , napoli 's gonzalo higuain and the aforementioned dybala . tuttosport have a look at the possible replacements should carlos tevez leave juventus in the summer . 