the ceo of salesforce.com has announced the company is now attempting to transfer any indiana employee who is ' uncomfortable ' with the polarizing new religious freedom restoration act out of the state . the law , brought in by indiana governor mike pence , was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state , amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays . marc benioff , the ceo of salesforce , was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill , calling it ' brutal ' and ' unjust ' and saying he was finding ways to reduce investments in indiana . he initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state . speaking out : marc benioff , the ceo of salesforce who was one of the first corporate executives to react to indiana's religious freedom restoration act , is now trying to relocate state employees who are uncomfortable . however on wednesday he told cnn money he was now responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state , and is trying to find ways to help them . it is the most aggressive corporate reaction to the controversial legislation yet . ' i just got an email ... from another employee who said , ''look i do n't feel comfortable living in this state anymore , you have to move me out , '' and i gave him a $ 50,000 relocation package and said , ''great , you 're clear to go '' . ' benioff was sure to point out that he will not be able to shut down the salesforce sector in indiana completely . the san francisco-based tech company , which offers ‘ customer relationship management’ to other companies , has a total 2,000 employees in the state . a number of companies — including salesforce , emc and cloudera — have already withdrawn their sponsorships for indy big data , a tech conference scheduled in may . change : benioff tweeted friday in response to indiana lawmakers saying friday morning they had amended the already-in-effect law , clarifying that no one will ' be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' . benioff 's announcement follows one made by apple ceo tim cook . on monday cook condemned the laws , saying they were ' very dangerous ' , went against the founding principles of america , and would take the country back to the days of ' whites only ' signs in shop doorways . he added that , as a baptist , he supports religious freedom , but said : ' i was never taught , nor do i believe , that religion should be used as an excuse to discriminate . ' cook , 54 , who came out as gay in october last year , made the comments in an op-ed for the washington post . he wrote : ' in total , there are nearly 100 bills designed to enshrine discrimination in state law . ' on behalf of apple , i 'm standing up to oppose this new wave of legislation . ' these bills under consideration truly will hurt jobs , growth and the economic vibrancy of parts of the country where a 21st-century economy was once welcomed with open arms . ' he also addressed legislation in texas that ' would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . ' taking a stance : openly-gay apple ceo tim cook criticized new laws that critics say will allow business owners to openly discriminate . cook said such bills ' rationalize injustice ' by ' pretending to defend ' religious freedom , which actually eroding the freedoms of others . cook drew upon his background growing up in the south in the 1960s and 1970s , during and immediately after the civil rights movement when blacks were still heavily discriminated against . he says america 's ' days of discrimination ' must remain ' deep in the past ' and said freedom and equality is a value that is at the heart of his company . he added : ' apple is open . open to everyone , regardless of where they come from , what they look like , how they worship or who they love . ' indiana 's religious freedom act says that the state and local government ' may not substantially burden a person 's right to the exercise of religion ' unless that burden is ' essential ' to furthering a government interest . it will be up to the courts to decide what counts as ' substantial ' , but the legislation was largely designed to fend off lawsuits against those who refuse to participate in gay marriage ceremonies . for example a florist who refuses to supply flowers for a same sex ceremony . supporters say that such provisions already exist in 20 other states , and were actually signed into federal law by bill clinton in 1993 . but opponents , including cook , claim these laws form part of a wave of discriminatory powers that threaten to reverse years of progress on equality issue . the indiana bill forbids the state or local government from ' substantially burdening ' a person 's religious beliefs unless that burden is ' essential ' to further a ' compelling ' government interest , and is the ' least restrictive ' means of achieving that aim . it allows people or organisations to use the legislation as a defense in court against claims of discrimination against them , and if the court rules in their favor , allows reparations , including compensation payouts . it will be up to the courts and judges to decide what constitutes ' substantial ' , but critics fear that the broad scope of the law and the tough tests that must be passed to override it , mean that it will allow business owners to openly discriminate in how they operate . cook is far from the only one opposing the new law in indiana , with musician miley cyrus , and actors ashton kutcher , james van der beek and george takei all speaking out against it . the nba , wnba , the indiana pacers , and indiana fever issued a joint statement saturday reaffirming their commitment to non-discrimination . hillary clinton also messaged to her three million twitter followers saying that ' we should n't discriminate against people because of who they love ' following the bill 's passing on thursday . businesses are also lining up to oppose the legislation , threatening to pull investment or even boycott the state altogether in protest . fighting back : demonstrators gathered to protest a controversial religious freedom bill recently signed by indiana governor mike pence during a rally in indianapolis on saturday . website angie 's list also announced plans to cancel a $ 40 million expansion to its indianapolis headquarters because of the new law . ' angie 's list is open to all and discriminates against none and we are hugely disappointed in what this bill represents , ' the company 's ceo bill oesterle said in the statement . thousands gathered outside the indiana statehouse on saturday to rally against the law , waving rainbow coloured flags and chanting slogans such as ' no hate in our state ' . since the law passed , republican senator mike pence has robustly defended it , saying that it is necessary to help people defend themselves against ' government overreach ' . he also ruled out any possibility of repealing the law , which is due to take effect in july , telling this week with george stephanopoulos , that ' the law will stick . ' marching : thousands gathered outside the indiana statehouse on saturday to hold a rally against the new law , which forbids the government from ' substantially burdening ' a person 's religious beliefs .