darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for derby against brentford at the ipro stadium . the bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead through alex pritchard 's brilliant strike - but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt them when bent grabbed his 10th goal for the rams . derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes . alex pritchard celebrates his stunning strike with his brentford team-mates , after putting his side ahead . derby : grant , keogh , albentosa , forsyth , warnock ( whitbread 78 mins ) , russell ( dawkins 46 ) , bryson ( lingard 78 ) , hendrick , ince , bent , martin . subs not used : ward , roos , hanson , thomas . booked : bryson . goal : bent 92 . brentford : button , odubajo , dean , tarkowski , bidwell , douglas , diagouraga , jota ( dallas 70 ) , pritchard ( toral 86 ) , judge , gray ( smith 80 ) . subs not used : craig , mccormack , bonham , o'connell . goal : pritchard 21 . booked : tarkowski . referee : graham scott . the on-loan hull winger was caught by toumani diagouraga in the fifth minute and curled the 25-yard free-kick over the wall and just past david button 's left post with the goalkeeper desperately scrambling to get across . button had to plunge to his right two minutes later when ince curled a shot from the edge of the box but brentford hit back in the 14th minute when jota 's header set up moses odubajo for a shot that lee grant pushed away . grant was relieved to see a free-kick from alan judge whistle past his left post after pritchard was tripped by raul albentosa just outside the area in the 22nd minute - but he was beaten by a quality goal six minutes later . diagouraga tackled jeff hendrick deep in his own half and found jonathan douglas who quickly released judge , before pritchard went past richard keogh and craig bryson and bent a right foot shot from the edge of the box past the despairing dive of grant . pritchard again found space just outside the area but this time he shot straight at grant before ince ran down the left of brentford 's defence to drive in a low shot which button saved diving to his left . alan judge strikes a free kick over the derby wall , but it flies just over the crossbar . brentford were good value for their half-time lead and they came close to increasing it in the 51st minute when bryson 's attempted clearance spun back to andre gray - but albentosa deflected his shot wide . gray had another chance four minutes later when douglas played him in but fired wide from eight yards , then the home fans found their voice when sub simon dawkins played bent in but button raced off his line to make the save . there was a big let-off for derby in the 68th minute when jota pulled the ball back from the edge of the six-yard box to tee up douglas - but his shot was cleared off the line by craig forsyth . brentford had another chance in the 73rd minute when stuart dallas crossed to the back post , where gray headed over at full stretch and the rams nearly made them pay when zak whitbread flicked on a corner and button made an instinctive save to push the ball behind . but derby grabbed a goal they barely deserved in the second minute of stoppage time when hendrick fired in a low shot and bent pounced to stab home an equaliser that was tough on brentford . jonathan douglas , who had a second-half shot cleared off the line , challenges jeff hendrick . thomas ince takes on harlee dean as derby struggled to get level in the promotion clash . darren bent , who scored the last-minute equaliser for derby , challenges for a header with dean .