north vs south - it 's perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of england and this week we 've started a fresh debate based on football . we have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the premier league clubs in the south of england and the other featuring northern-based stars . on monday , rob draper revealed who he 'd select in the southern xi and on tuesday , joe bernstein did likewise for the north . we then sent the all-star teams to our friends at football manager , who have simulated the match . here 's what happened ... so , now we know : the south has the edge over the north for footballing talent . alexis sanchez and harry kane were the heroes as the southern all-stars came out on top in our simulated clash between the premier league 's best players from the north and south . despite falling behind less than a minute into the game to a stunning finish from sergio aguero , who was supported up front by wayne rooney , the southern xi were able to mount a fightback with a brace from sanchez either side of harry kane 's second-half goal . scroll down to watch a video of the simulated match . alexis sanchez of arsenal ( left ) starred in our simulated all-star game , while spurs striker harry kane ( right ) also scored in the match . manchester city hotshot sergio aguero gave the northern combined xi the lead after less than a minute , but his team were still beaten . the southern all-stars boasted harry kane up front while the northern side was led by sergio aguero and wayne rooney . the southerners saw less of the ball and created fewer chances but were more clinical in front of goal than the northern all-stars , who twice hit the woodwork . after aguero 's early strike , the south battled back and went close through morgan schneiderlin and john terry . their pressure was rewarded when sanchez linked up with kane and buried his shot from inside the area . kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half with a well-taken finish following some lovely build-up play by eden hazard , santi cazorla and schneiderlin . sanchez then rounded off the victory with a clinical , powerful effort 20 minutes from time . the northern team were made to rue missed opportunities after creating three clear-cut chances to the south 's two but did n't convert them . arsenal 's alexis sanchez is the stand-out in football manager 's player ratings with 6.1 while martin skrtel was least effective for the north . the northerners enjoyed marginally more possession than their rivals and won 13 corners but failed to kick on after aguero 's opener . the southerners’ manager rob draper will be delighted by his team 's smooth transitions from defence to attack , and their elaborate passing play in the middle of the park . it could well have been a different story , however , had joe bernstein 's northern side been able to convert their chances . martin skrtel will be unhappy with his performance in the centre of defence too . the men in red looked threatening on the flanks , particularly through raheem sterling , but far too often they failed to capitalise on his excellent service . aguero conspired to miss from six yards out when unmarked in injury-time to sum up their profligacy . that meant a comfortable margin of victory by two goals for the southern all-stars and bragging rights over their northern neighbours . but , somehow , we suspect the old debate over which half of england reigns supreme will continue . match highlights ( scroll down to watch a video of the simulation ) . 1st minute : goal ! ! ! the pre-match hype is immediately justified as sergio aguero picks up a short pass from james mccarthy , dribbles past jose fonte and curls the ball past thibaut courtois to make it 1-0 to the northern all-stars . aguero ( centre , in red ) slots home the opening goal in the very first minute of the all-stars clash . 8th minute : a santi cazorla corner finds the head of john terry but his effort is fractionally too high . santi cazorla 's pinpoint corner finds captain john terry at the near post but the chelsea legend 's header clears the crossbar . 10th minute : raheem sterling forces courtois into a decent save with a powerful effort from the edge of the area . 20th minute : a well-worked move by the southern all-stars culminates in a morgan schneiderlin volley from 25 yards that whistles over joe hart’s crossbar . 21st minute : a cazorla free-kick is deflected out for a corner . the delivery from the spaniard is poor and the northern all-stars break with sterling . after beating two defenders , he elects to try and curl one in from the 18-yard mark but his effort drifts wide of the goal . 29th minute : goal ! ! ! a misplaced pass from aguero gives away possession when the northern all-stars look threatening . the southern all-stars take full advantage with a direct move down the right flank . the ball finds its way to kane , who plays a pinpoint pass to sanchez to calmly slot the ball into the bottom corner and level the match . sanchez ( top , in blue ) slots past joe hart in the northern xi 's goal to score the equaliser . 36th minute : some clever interplay between rooney and aguero opens up the southern all-star defence . 39th minute : more good play from aguero and rooney creates a half-chance for the northern all-stars but the argentina striker drags his shot wide . southampton midfielder morgan schneiderlin attempts an ambitious volley from 25 yards but it meets the same fate as terry 's header . half-time : southern all-stars 1-1 northern all-stars . substitution : michael carrick is replaced by yaya toure . 46th minute : the northern all-stars very nearly take the lead straight from kick-off after more good work on the right from sterling . he slips the ball into rooney , whose shot is turned onto the post by courtois . 57th minute : substitution : david silva makes way for ashley young . 60th minute : substitution : phil jones replaces ryan shawcross after the stoke man takes a knock from a robust alexis sanchez challenge . the northern all-stars have used all their substitutions . 66th minute : double substitution : nathaniel clyne and nemanja matic are subbed off for branislav ivanovic and fabian delph . following the substitutions , the northern all-stars push forward with toure giving the team more purpose in the middle of the park . toure 's raking through ball is met by sterling who thinks he has made it 2-1 only for the linesman to raise his flag . 68th minute : goal ! ! ! courtois sends the resulting free-kick long and the southern all-stars work the ball to schneiderlin on the edge of the area . his through ball to kane is weighted to perfection and the striker races onto it before slotting home to put his team in front . kane ( second right , in blue ) raises his arm in celebration after putting the southern all-stars in front for the first time . 72nd minute : goal ! ! ! the southern all-stars wrap up the match with sanchez’s second goal . more intricate build-up play in the midfield allows sanchez to lose his man , take a touch and hit a powerful effort that beats hart . sanchez ( bottom right , in blue ) notches his second goal of the game to settle the contest at wembley . 81st minute : from a throw-in on the left , young feeds aguero , who has acres of space ahead of him and men arriving in the box . he chooses to go it alone but courtois makes a comfortable save down to his right . aguero storms into the box and ignores support on his inside to take a shot from a tight angle , but it 's easily saved by thibaut courtois . 83rd minute : a corner from the northern all-stars is only half cleared to young but his shot is blasted into the side netting . 88th minute : the northern all-stars work an opening from a free-kick but rooney’s effort is poor and straight at courtois . 90+2 : the simplest chance of the match falls to aguero in injury-time after a superb low cross from sterling . the manchester city star is unmarked six yards out but can only hit the post . rooney collects the ball and gets another shot away but courtois palms it out for a corner . aguero blows his chance to make the scoreline a little more respectable late on when he hits the upright after low cross from sterling . 90+3 : the resulting corner amounts to nothing and the referee blows the final whistle . full time : southern all-stars 3-1 northern all-stars . 