the wife of a detroit-area soccer referee filed a $ 51 million lawsuit friday against a hot-headed player who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer . the figure represents $ 1 million for each of the 51 additional years that john bieniewicz , 44 , could have lived , according to the lawsuit in wayne county court . kristen bieniewicz of westland , the representative of her husband 's estate , is suing bassel saad , along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league . kristen bieniewicz of westland ( pictured left with her late husband ) has filed a $ 51 million lawsuit against bassel saad ( right ) who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer . bieniewicz died after saad punched him in the head just moments before saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in livonia . dr. jamal saleh said he rushed toward bieniewicz , who was on his back grasping a yellow card in one hand and a red card in the other , and performed cpr which failed to work . ' we hope this lawsuit sends a message that when you commit uncivilized acts in a civilized world there are consequences , even beyond the criminal realm , ' said attorney james acho , who had known bieniewicz since childhood . cyril hall , saad 's attorney in the criminal case , said friday that the lawsuit surprises him . ' bassel saad is not an individual of wealth . he was a mechanic , ' hall said . behind bars : saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . the associated press left messages seeking comment from a telephone listing for the soccer league . saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . he expressed remorse in court and said he prays for the bieniewicz family . the lawsuit also names the michigan united soccer league , which is accused of allowing saad to play despite his reputation as a violent player . citing his doctor , the lawsuit described bieniewicz , who had two children , as being in great health with the potential to live to age 95 . bieniewicz is pictured being administered cpr on the turf after being knocked out cold by saad . ' i speak for his dozens of buddies , many of whom go back to our days at catholic central high , and we want justice for his family , ' said acho , who is handling the case with co-counsel karen daley . in 2005 , saad was involved in another assault on a soccer field . court documents obtained by detroit free press indicate that he repeatedly struck another player in the head . saad pleaded no contest in that case and was sentenced to five days of community service and 12 months of probation . mrs bieniewicz testified at michigan 's capitol earlier this year in support of proposed legislation that would make it a felony to assault a sports official in the state . referees ‘ are out there on an island with no one to defend them , ' she said . ' something more than a misdemeanor should be in place . ' mrs bieniewicz said that through everything , her only consolation has been the thought that her husband died doing something he loved .