a michigan girl dismissed from a catholic school for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments has been invited back but will attend a public school for now , her mother said . barbara mcgrath said st. joseph middle school officials informed her that rose mcgrath could return to the battle creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns until later this week to allow for ' a cooling-off period . ' barbara mcgrath said that her daughter is attending lakeview middle school and that she ca n't say whether rose will return to st. joseph , a private catholic school , until she determines if issues can be resolved . rose mcgrath , pictured here with her mother , barbara mcgrath , was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek , michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards . she 's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process . when rose found out that she had been kicked out of the school , she tearfully said that she ' did n't do anything wrong ' . the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments , which started in 2012 . ' it sounds like they 're not going to pass her anyway , even if she goes back , ' barbara mcgrath said of her 7th-grade daughter , who is in remission but still recovering from treatments for acute lymphoblastic leukemia diagnosed in 2012 . ' i do n't see her being able to go back there and being successful . ' the school wrote in a letter addressed to rose 's father that officials worked with her but absences ' hampered her academic performance . ' it adds that the 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of april 13 , but barbara mcgrath says that does n't include ' numerous ' partial days . the school , which charges as much as $ 6,983 per year for tuition , also wrote that it has taken ' significant adjustments to our standards ' to help rose , including reducing her workload and paring down assignments and tests . ' rose 's attendance , coupled with her academic performance , do not qualify her for continued attendance at st. joseph middle school , ' the letter read . it continued : ' we know rose to be an intelligent and thoughtful child , and believe she would be well-suited to enroll in an academic setting more geared to homebound students , perhaps an online program as we have discussed in the past . ' though rose is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork . rose 's mother says her daughter is n't skipping out of school ' to have fun ' but that she has to miss school because she does n't feel well . battle creek area catholic schools ' pastor administrator john fleckenstein was not immediately available for a comment . he told wwmt last week that ' these were extraordinary circumstances ' but they were necessary after ' so many accommodations were made ' to help rose . barbara mcgrath countered that the school made only minor modifications to the workload and her daughter ' had to do every single project , every single test . ' mcgrath added that , by her account , rose was on track to pass this year . ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath said tearfully last week to wwmt . barbara mcgrath said that though rose is finished with her treatments , she has a long way to go . john fleckenstein , battle creek area catholic schools ' pastor administrator , claims that the school made many accommodations for rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough . rose attended st joseph middle school in battle creek from kindergarten through 7th grade . though she 's been offered a spot back at the school after they dismissed her , rose 's mother said ' it sounds like they 're not going to pass her anyway , even if she goes back ' . ' even though she 's now done with her treatments you still have a very long recovery process because you 've basically just put two and a half years of poison into your body . you 're not recovering overnight , ' she said.. . rose told wwmt that school was the one place that she actually felt normal . ' when i 'm at home , i 'm sick , i do n't feel well ; no one else does that . but when i 'm at school i 'm like everyone else , ' rose said . ''the accommodations which were made were woefully inadequate for a child with such a serious diagnosis , ' said rose 's father tom mcgrath to wwmt . ' it 's not like she 's out at the mall having fun , she 's in her bed , sick with nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain . she 's not having fun , she 's sick . she 'd be at school if she could , ' barbara said . barbara mcgrath said they have filed a complaint with the federal office of civil rights and asked the private district to adopt an accommodation plan for ill students similar to those required in public schools . rose appears to have had a large support system throughout her treatment . she told one news source that school was the only place she felt normal . st joseph claims that rose , pictured here raising money for st. baldrcks to find a cure for childhood cancer , only attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of april 13 . though st joseph as invited her back , she is now attending a public middle school in the battle creek area .