forget sober black and charcoal grey . pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness and the style is now spreading to the high street . those championing pink include christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last thursday . the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to the sunday times newspaper . scroll down for video . christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , left , in a pink chanel suit and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , right , chose hot pink for her live election debate last thursday . the sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived - it used to be a girly but is now considered an appropriate shade to wear to a business meeting . in an interview with the newspaper the managing director of image consultants colour me beautiful , veronique henderson , said : ' pink was for a long time viewed as a girlie colour . it was seen as romantic , not serious in business , but that has changed . ' style icon samantha cameron is also a big fan of the colour - she chose a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail for the local and european elections last may . meanwhile , on daytime television both lorraine kelly and ruth langsford can regularly be seen in pink dresses while presenting their itv tv shows . samantha cameron opted for a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail last may . itv presenters lorraine kelly ( left ) and ruth langsford ( right ) have both been seen wearing different shades of pink . from left : holly willoughby , katherine jenkins and actress scarlett johansson are among the latest celebs sporting pink . last month holly willoughby was pictured arriving for a recording of the tv show celebrity juice in a pastel pink knee length coat , and both katherine jenkins and scarlett johansson have favoured hot pink for recent appearances - katherine for a recording at itv 's studios in december and scarlett at the mtv movie awards last week . the high street is responding to the demand for pink with topshop , next , h & m and marks & spencer all featuring pink in their spring and summer collections . belinda earl , m & s creative director told the sunday times : ' pink can create a powerful daytime to evening look and can be styled in multiple ways to remain feminine without being overly girlie . '