this a carer partying with friends and kissing her boyfriend in the hours after taking cash from two frail pensioners she stole £5,000 from . rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money . at her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items such as shoes . sentenced : rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of cash , pictured left and right . calder posted regular partying pictures of facebook not knowing the family of the victims , a couple in their late 80s who have now died , had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash . officers discovered calder had stolen more than £5,000 from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities . today calder , of greater manchester , was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft . liverpool crown court was told she had previously been employed by a company called makerfield care - who are no longer in business - as a carer although she was not part of the team who looked after the couple at their home in warrington . caught : the victims ' family saw money coming from their accounts so set up a camera and filmed her taking money . police said the victims both suffered from a number of physical and mental impairments due to their ages , with very poor memories and were largely confined to their home . calder lost her job with the care firm but carried on visiting the house regularly on an unofficial basis having befriended the couple . the thefts came to light when the couple 's two daughters became concerned when she noticed on her parent 's bank statements that large amounts of cash , in £100 , £200 and £300 amounts , were being withdrawn from cashpoints almost every other day . one of those withdrawals was made from an atm in ashton-in-makerfield at about 2am on april 13 2014 , which could clearly not have been either of the victims . the couple 's daughters also found huge amounts had been withdrawn from their father 's savings account . the daughters installed a covert cctv camera at the house and caught calder red-handed as she stole cash from the elderly man 's wallet . the daughters continued their investigation and managed to identify calder through her facebook profile , which also showed her wearing the same clothes as when she stole the money . the police were then called . after her sentencing today pc ryan mackenzie said : ' calder 's actions were utterly reprehensible . whatever motivated her , there can be no excuse or justification for stealing more than £5,000 from an elderly and frail couple whom she was supposed to care for and look after . evidence : the family watched her facebook account and matched clothing she wore in pictures to clothing she wore while withdrawing cash . ' it is a heinous and appalling crime , made all the more galling by the audacity to post something on facebook of her enjoying a night out using cash stolen just hours earlier from an unsuspecting and trusting couple . the fact that when the money was stolen she was not even employed as a carer but pretended to be a caring friend just compounds her despicable actions . ' and one of the saddest parts of this case is that both the man and his wife passed away before they could see justice being done . ' i would like to pay tribute to the tenacity and determination shown by the couple 's daughters . once they suspected something was amiss , they carried out their own investigation and caught calder red-handed on secret cameras . ' the evidence against calder was therefore overwhelming and no doubt helped to expose her criminality , so i would like to praise the couple 's daughters for doing what this so-called carer should have done and that is protecting a frail , vulnerable couple . ' i hope this case serves as a stark warning to anyone who is put in a position of trust , like calder was , to look after elderly and vulnerable people . ' temptation will clearly be there but do you really want to be known as someone who stole from elderly people ? not only will you have that stigma for the rest of your life , but you could also be facing a long prison sentence . ' 