arrogant : violent robber lynch posing for a jail selfie . staring cockily at the camera , violent robber craig ' lazie ' lynch shows off his toned physique in a series of audacious self-portraits taken in his prison cell – from where he is said to be earning a fortune by running illegal websites . lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies , including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father 's throat in front of his family . use of computers , social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars . yet , as this picture and his posts show , lynch has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his cell in bedford prison . and , according to a former friend , he is using it to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs . the friend , now disgusted with lynch and the ' lax attitude ' of the prison authorities , told the mail on sunday the bearded criminal has become a 'self-made millionaire earning so much tax-free money behind bars he has invested in properties in cyprus , ireland and spain and a fleet of luxury cars ' . lynch , 34 , is in constant communication with more than 400 ' friends ' , poking fun at british justice and bragging about using an iphone and a samsung galaxy . he updates social media feeds with ' selfies ' and photos of takeaway meals – and reports how he has had a tattoo , drinks vodka , plays online games and has a personal gym trainer . ' he should be in prison as a punishment , not living it up , ' said the former friend . ' he 's arrogant , resourceful , and owns properties overseas and uk-based businesses . ' incredibly , this is all through crime , run on facebook while in prison . ' this is not the first time lynch – who has appeared in court 22 times for 66 offences – has used facebook to taunt the authorities . in 2009 he used the site to goad police after vanishing from hollesley bay prison , suffolk , where he was serving a seven-year sentence for aggravated burglary . he was recaptured in january 2010 . he was later released but in august last year he was found guilty of robbery and sent back to prison – and once again began posting from his cell on facebook . claiming he studies ' advanced criminology at university of crime ' , he even uses facebook to advertise for people to work for him . in one post he offers : '£250 an hour , three hours a week . only the sinister to apply . easy work . no crime . ' contraband items are often smuggled into jails or thrown over the walls . the former friend also believes lynch was behind an attempt in march to fly contraband goods into the prison using a drone , which was discovered in netting above the perimeter wall – as reported in the mail on sunday . a parcel attached to the drone contained drugs , a phone , a blade and screwdrivers . the source said : ' lynch posted a cutting from a newspaper report about the find and wrote , ' no comment… ' it was his way of bragging he was behind it . ' he is making a fortune selling contraband inside , such as phones and legal highs , as well as his earnings from the websites , all tax-free . ' yet the authorities seem to look the other way . ' the ministry of justice said last night that any prisoners using mobile phones would face disciplinary action . lynch is serving nine years in bedford prison ( pictured ) for a series of violent gang robberies .