a good samaritan was given a parking ticket after he pulled over to help an elderly woman he thought was dying . student drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement . but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car – because mr hollinshead had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers . ' it 's ridiculous ' : when he was slapped with the ticket on his windscreen mr hollinshead initially tore it up and threw it in the bin before later going back to pick it up . yesterday mr hollinshead said the way he had been treated was ridiculous and said the council warden could see what was happening . he was driving through bournemouth when he saw the woman fall to the pavement . he parked and rushed over to help . after discovering she was all right and helping her to her feet , he returned to the car only to find the warden printing the ticket . ‘ i stopped in the disabled bay as it was the nearest place to where the old lady was , ’ he said . angry : mr hollinshead , who is studying marketing and advertising at bournemouth university , said he was punished for trying to do something good . ‘ there was a space for about four cars and it was completely empty , so it wasn’t like somebody was waiting to use it . under the circumstances , i think it was ridiculous . i saw her fall down and stopped for around 30 to 45 seconds at the most to help her . ‘ i went back to my car and there was a parking officer who was giving me a ticket . he must have seen what i was doing and that i was helping the old lady . ' i asked him why and he said , “ it gives me no great satisfaction to give you this ticket” . any normal person would have turned a blind eye when they saw why i had stopped . ’ the undergraduate , who is in his final year of an arts and marketing degree at bournemouth university , took a photo of the smirking traffic warden during the incident on april 9 and posted it on twitter . where it happened : the student was driving along wimborne road , bournemouth , when he saw a pensioner lying on the pavement in nearby wycliffe road ( circled ) . he pulled into the disabled bay shown above . good samaritan : drew hollinshead , 21 , was given a parking fine after stopping to help an elderly woman . he at first tore up the ticket and threw it in a bin but later retrieved it . ‘it’s not the cost , it’s the principle , ’ he said . ‘ i tried to do something good and then something bad happened because of it . ’ he was supported by other social media users . one , shuttlex , said : ‘i’m sorry you got a ticket drew ( make sure you appeal against it ) but well done for helping the lady who fell over . ' this doesn’t surprise me . parking services are well known for slapping out tickets in circumstances where common sense should prevail . the council doesn’t care , as long as the revenue keeps rolling in . ’ bournemouth council posted a message to mr hollinshead on twitter suggesting how he could challenge the ticket . parking services operations manager margaret leslie said : ‘ any motorist receiving a fine can appeal against a ticket… we give full consideration into all individual cases and take mitigating circumstances into account . ’ 