the mother-of-three who dropped her two-year-old son into a cheetah pit is the assistant director of a childcare center . michelle schwab , who has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare , has been charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo before he slipped and fell . she faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . visitors heard a scream at 3pm on saturday and looked to see schwab , 38 , and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child , who was treated for a leg injury . on monday , a spokesman for kindercare , a nationally-acclaimed education , care and resource provider , confirmed schwab has taken a leave of absence from her management role at one of the centers in columbus , ohio . scroll down for video . charged : michelle schwab , a mother-of-three with a degree in therapeutic childcare , has been charged with child endangerment for allegedly dangling her son of a cheetah pit . she is an assistant director at kindercare . witnesses say schwab jumped in to retrieve the boy from the compound at cleveland metroparks zoo at 3pm on saturday . the animals appeared to ignore the boy , witnesses say ( file image of one of the zoo 's cheetahs ) . the boy was rescued by his parents from the pit ( pictured ) before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . in an email to dailymail.com , spokesman colleen moran said : ' we were saddened to hear of saturday’s incident at the cleveland metroparks zoo involving michelle schwab’s son , and we wish him a speedy recovery . ' ms schwab has been the assistant director at the sawmill road kindercare in columbus . she is currently home with her family , and will remain out of our center while this issue is investigated and addressed . ' in addition to the agencies looking into this issue , we are looking into the incident further ourselves , as we closely examine issues involving the treatment of children by our employees , even if those incidents arise outside of our centers . ' schwab , of delaware , ohio , was charged on monday in cleveland municipal court and will be arraigned on april 22 . on sunday , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said the two felines did not approach the boy when he fell in the pit . michael lurie and his family were at the cheetah exhibit when they heard the child scream . ' you saw how far the drop was and you just could n't believe the kid did n't hurt himself from falling down on the ground , ' lurie told wkyc . ' i was just shocked , ' he said . ' i did n't understand how the parents let the kid go over the thing . ' zoo visitor terra lurie believes the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened . ' i think they were just curious as to what was going on and why somebody was in the pen with them , ' she said . ' it 's not every day that somebody is just in the pen with them . ' ' and everyone else is screaming and they probably got scared . ' the exhibit was closed following the child 's fall . zoo visitor michael lurie was at the cheetah exhibit when he heard the child scream . he said he was ' shocked ' and 'didn't understand how the parents let the kid ' go over the railing and into the pit . cleveland metroparks zoo ( file photo ) has brought child endangering charges against the child 's mother .