a didgeridoo maker demonstrated the power of music when he played a tune and caused a herd of cows to stand to attention . italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes . he holds a ‘ butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune , while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background . the professional didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background . suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river , which separates it from andrea . other cows lift their head from the ground and look in the direction of the sound , while another on the left also begins walking towards the river . before long the centre of the herd have noticed and like moths to the flame are compelled to walk over to andrea . as the first cow reaches a tree , the whole herd begin picking up speed and collectively run to the source of the sound . a cow takes note , steps out from behind the herd and begins walking towards the source of the sound . the italian musician was filmed standing in front of a river in stratford holding a ‘ butterfly landscape’ designed didgeridoo . the herd then stand and enjoy the music for some time while andrea serenades them with his hand-made instrument . the video concludes with an artistic shot of the cows’ reflection as the transfixed herd remain rooted to the spot , as if hypnotised by the sound of the didgeridoo . andrea told mailonline : ' when i first started playing , they [ the cows ] did n't immediately run towards me , but stopped everything they were doing and went into a sort of trance-like state . ' when i continued playing , they ran towards me and all stood in a crowd across the river bank . the herd stand and enjoy the music for some time while andrea serenades them with his didgeridoo . the cows appear to be transfixed as they stand rooted to the spot , as if hypnotised by the music . ' even after i had stopped playing , they stayed there as if they were waiting for the next performance . ' i honestly don’t know why the cows reacted to the music in such a way , but it is safe to say that it was an amazing and humbling experience . ' andrea handcrafts his instruments from selected fabrics that originate from countries including africa , india and south america . the talented musician also provides dedicated workshops in which he teaches his specialist techniques and advertises his unique designs on his facebook page and website .