sometimes life imitates art , but apparently not when it comes to the central intelligence agency . current and former female agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies . the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills . retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland . ' i wish they wouldn’t use centerfold models in tight clothes . we don’t look that way . and we don’t act that way , ' grimes told the times . scroll down for video . that 's not me : retired cia officer sandra grimes ( pictured above in january 2013 ) is one of many former and current women at the agency speaking out about depictions of female spies on tv and in movies . veteran cia analyst gina bennett , one of the ' band of sisters ' who helped track down osama bin laden , has the most trouble with how her fallen co-worker jennifer matthews was portrayed in the film zero dark thirty . in the scenes before her death in a terrorist attack on a u.s. military base in afghanistan , actress jennifer ehle plays matthews as a ' giddy ' agent , excitedly baking a jordanian source a cake for their meeting on his birthday . as in real life , matthews dies as the agent gets out of his car and detonates a suicide vest . ' the problem is that they portray most women in such a one-dimensional way ; whatever the character flaw is , that’s all they are , ' bennett said . ' it can leave a very distinct understanding of women at the agency - how we function , how we relate to men , how we engage in national security - that is pretty off . ' one of the fictional cia agents currently on screen is charlie tucker on nbc 's state of affairs . played by katherine heigl , charlie is a character who in the first episode gets drunk at a bar , sleeps with a stranger and lashes out at her psychiatrist . another example is homeland 's carrie mathison ( played by claire danes ) - a bi-polar spy who gives up nearly all responsibility for her child ( the product of a secret relationship with a double agent ) and spends most of her time controlling sources with sex . a retired covert officer identified as meredith says sex is n't a major part of the spy game . offensive : veteran cia analyst gina bennett says she was upset with the ' giddy ' portrayal of her friend jennifer matthews ( left ) in the movie zero dark thirty ( played by jennifer ehle , right ) . matthews , in real life as in the movie , was killed by a suicide bomber at an afghanistan military base in 2009 . 'let’s not kid ourselves . for me , working in the middle east , there’s a lot of attraction for middle eastern men for western women . i don’t mean necessarily sexually ... but curiosity , if nothing else . and we certainly have played that . ' however , meredith says she more often has to put men in their place while doing her work . ' you need to remove [ sex ] off the table very quickly and clearly . sometimes it’s `` get your hands off my knee or i’m going to break it , '' or you put as many people into the room as you can , ' she said . while the trials and tribulations of female agents on screen are wildly exaggerated , the women interviewed said they do similarly struggle to maintain the balance between their work and private lives . it 's not about sex : the real women of the cia say they are not all honey-pots who use their sexuality to control sources ( like carrie mathison on showtime 's homeland , played by claire danes above ) . sending the wrong message : the women also take issue with nbc show state of affairs , which features katherine heigl ( above ) as a troubled cia analyst . ' i briefed condoleezza rice while in labor . i’d tell her about the global jihad and then i would turn away and breathe . when these two worlds clash , they clash really hard , ' bennett said . bennett says that the concerns of her job are so important , that it 's hard to come home and sympathize with the minor dramas ruling her teenager 's life . ' i deal with people who are trying to kill lots of people in horrendous , painful ways . so i have a wall ; it’s really tall . unfortunately , though , what happens with time is you can’t click it on or off . you just block the sensation of feeling , ' bennett said . 'i’m no longer married because of my wall . so i have five kids whose parents aren’t together because i constructed that wall over time and didn’t know how to get through it , ' bennett added . many of the women though said they enjoyed working for the agency , which is becoming more and more female friendly with a day care center in langley and flexible time off . which is good because bennett thinks women naturally make great agents . ' women don’t think more intuitively than men , but we tend to trust our own gut less . we are not going to put all our money in one basket , ' she said .