a 58-year-old wildlife-rescue volunteer was struck and killed by a st louis metrolink train in southwestern illinois after she responded to a call about an opossum on the tracks . sandie konopelski of shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning . she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene after responding to the alert about an opossum on the tracks around 8am . scroll down for video . sandie konopelski of shiloh , illinois , was struck and killed by a st louis metrolink train on friday morning . konopelski was responding to a report about an opossum ( above ) on the tracks near an illinois train station . she was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville around 8am . konopelski was licensed by the illinois department of natural resources as a wildlife rehabilitator , the st louis post-dispatch reported . she also was involved with the bi-state wildlife hotline of missouri and illinois . organization president angel wintrode said : ' she went out like she had a thousand times before . ' the group posted a tribute to konopelski and said donations can be made in her honor . bi-state wildlife wrote : ' we have no words . ' we ca n't believe she 's gone . we already miss you sandie . ' sandie 's family and friends and our hotline family and so very many animals have lost a great and dear person today . ' metro often calls bi-state wildlife for help with animals on the tracks , according to wintrode . it 's unclear if they called about the opossum in this circumstance . after the 58-year-old 's death , the bi-state wildlife hotline of missouri and illinois posted a facebook tribute . swansea police chief mike arnold said authorites do n't know why konopelski did n't hear the train coming . konopelsk 's car was located in a parking lot near the station in swansea , the swansea news-democrat reported . shiloh mayor jim vernier said : ' i ca n't believe it happened . ' she was such a caring person for animals . ' i could call her at 3:00 in the morning and she 'd be there to help an animal . ' i do n't know who 's going to fill those shoes . everybody called her . ' train service was delayed for about two hours on friday while police investigated . swansea police chief mike arnold said officials do n't know why konopelski did n't hear the train coming and get out of the way . 