massaging your ' third eye ' , the point between your eyebrows , can help boost concentration , massage therapist suzi cinalli says . do you find your mind wandering , caught in a day dream ? or hitting the afternoon slump ahead of schedule , loosing your train of thought even by mid-morning ? if you struggle to stay alert , massage therapist suzi cinalli , from the vital touch , might have just the answer . here , writing for healthista , she outlines her six top tips to boost concentration , from cooing over cute pictures of pets , to indulging in a lunchtime yoga session ... massage your ' third eye ' . massaging reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension . apply pressure to your ' third eye ' with your middle finger tip while taking several deep breaths . the ' third eye ' is a point directly between your eyebrows at the point where the bridge of your nose meets your forehead . press on this point to 3-4 minutes , repeating two or three times a day . the ' third eye ' is associated with the pituitary gland , the pea-sized master gland of the endocrine system . light pressure applied to this pressure point will boost memory and concentration and relieve stress . keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer . just a handful a day provides the recommended daily amount of zinc , vital for enhancing memory and thinking skills . pumpkin seeds also contain omega-3 oils which are great brain food . these oils help build and maintain the myelin sheath that protects our brain nerve fibres - allowing messages to flow freely . if you don’t like pumpkin seeds walnuts are another great omega-3 brain snack you can keep on your desk . opt for activated nuts – available from planet organic – for optimum nutrient absorption . ( activated nuts are those that have been soaked in water and salt for a period of time . this not only increases the nutrient value of them , but breaks down the problematic compounds that help enhance their digestibility ) . eat fish for breakfast . swap cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast and you’ll soon ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids ( efas ) and slow release sugars , needed to stay focused all day . swapping cereal for fish at breakfast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids . oily fish deliver a powerful efa boost in a form that’s easily absorbed by the body , containing both epa and dha omega-3 fatty acids . low dha levels have been linked to a higher risk of developing alzheimer’s disease and memory loss . other good options include salmon , trout , mackerel , herring , sardines or pilchards . and if you’re serving them on toast , opt for wholegrain granary bread , which has a low-gi and releases glucose into the bloodstream more slowly , a steady blood sugar level will also help keep you mentally alert throughout the day . take a deep breath . slow your breath down when you need to focus , do a presentation or attend an interview . deepening your breathing can change brainwave patterns activating theta waves , a brain state associated with enhanced memory . to activate theta waves switch your breathing to your lower abdomen and start breathing from your stomach and consciously slow your breath . 1 . breathe in for the count of six . 2 . hold it ( count to two ) . 3 . let the breathe out slowly ( count to nine approx . ) after a few moments you should feel calm and more receptive to new information . to improve memory even further combine deep breathing with mindfulness . look at cute pet pictures . next time you’re feeling fuzzy-headed , log on to petsugar for an instant reboot . yes , you read that right , far from being the ultimate timewaster trawling through cute kitten photos could actually help you meet that deadline at work . it sounds unlikely we know but a study by japanese researchers found that university students behaved ‘ more deliberately and perform tasks with greater time and care , ’ after viewing photos of cute kittens and puppies . just make sure your boss knows that cuddly pets are an all-important part of your new work remit . a study by japanese researchers found university students behaved ' more deliberately and performed tasks with greater time and care ' after viewing pictures of cute kittens and puppies . do yoga at lunchtime . aerobic exercise is good for your heart and health but a lunchtime yoga class will help you stay sharp . after the yoga you are better able to focus and process information quickly , more accurately . in one study , reported in the , researchers gave participants a series of yoga exercises , including isometric contractions of different muscles in the body . the exercises were followed by a meditation session , when participants focused on posture and deep breathing . after the yoga session they were given a series of mental tests . the researchers at the university of illinois also put the guinea pigs through their paces on a treadmill for the same 20-minute period , keeping their heart rate up between 60 and 70 per cent of the maximum . aerobic exercise is good for your heart and health but a lunchtime yoga class will help you stay sharp . they found that people who had been for a 20-minute jog were less able to focus mentally on tasks than they were following a yoga session . also those who had done yoga could learn , hold and update pieces of information more effectively than after performing an aerobic exercise . breathing and meditative yoga calms the mind and body , reducing distracting thoughts while you focus on your body , posture or breath . the scientists in the study believed that this could have a beneficial , wider-reaching effect on your day , beyond the yoga class , when you try to focus on tasks requiring concentration . this article originally appeared and has been reproduced with the permission of healthista .