luke rockhold staked his claim in new jersey as the top middleweight contender in the ufc . up next , rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york . rockhold capped a brief and brilliant appearance in the cage with a rear naked choke at 2:32 of the second round and made lyoto machida tap to win a main event showdown between two of the top middleweights in ufc on saturday night . luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second-round submission in new jersey . rockhold celebrates his victory and now wants a shot at the middleweight title . ' i am the no 1 contender , ' rockhold said . ' i 'm the best guy around . ' rockhold should be next in line for a pay-per-view title shot in the 185-pound division . with a dominant win over the 36-year-old machida , he positioned himself to take on the winner of the ufc 187 fight next month between chris weidman and vitor belfort . machida never put up much of a fight in his brief stint in the cage . rockhold lost on his ufc debut in 2013 , then rebounded with wins over costas philippou , tim boetsch , michael bisping . he won his third straight fight via submission and looked at his best at the prudential center . ' i did my part , ' rockhold said . ' weidman , you 're going to do your part . let 's take this across the way . madison square garden , let 's make history . ' rockhold was dominant from the first bell as he cruised to victory against machida . machida was marked up badly after the first round and did n't last long in the second session . mma would have to become legalized in new york for that bout to happen . the senate again approved a bill to legalize and regulate the combat sport that includes boxing , judo , wrestling and kickboxing . ufc remained hopeful that the assembly will finally approve the bill that would allow the promotion to stage a dream card in december at msg . ' if it does n't happen , it 'll be crazy , ' ufc president dana white said . jacare souza , the no 1 ranked middleweight , made short work of chris camozzi in the co-main event . souza won with an armbar submission at 2:33 of the first round . jacare souza ( right ) grapples with chris camozzi on his way to victory in the first round . souza needed less than five minutes to earn victory and also wants a middleweight title shot . souza , who lost to rockhold in his strikeforce days , hoped he could earn a shot at weidman 's title with a fight against olympic silver medalist yoel romero . but when romero was injured , camozzi stepped in on short notice - and a shorter fight . souza won his eighth straight ufc fight and hoped a month ago a win would mean his name would get called next for a middleweight title fight . machida-rockhold and souza-romero would have been a final four showcase of the best of the ufc middleweight contenders . but romero 's last-minute scratch meant souza likely has a longer wait for the biggest fight of his ufc career . ' i want to get the shot at the title next , ' souza said . ' it 's my time . i 'm coming off five victories . ' 