the rogue trader facing charges he manipulated the share market and helped trigger a trillion dollar wall street crash will remain in jail for the weekend after failing to pay his £5million bail . navinder singh sarao , 37 , is facing extradition and is wanted by american prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 wall street ' flash crash ' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique . sarao , of hounslow , west london , appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million . suspected rogue trader navinder sarao ( circled ) lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds . sarao ( pictured in court ) spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail . however , he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance , and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates ' court today said it had not received the money . the spokeswoman said : ' it has n't been paid and it ca n't be paid over the weekend . he will therefore remain in custody until at least monday when he is able to pay the money . ' the former brunel university student allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on the day of the ' flash crash ' , the biggest one-day collapse in wall street history . he is accused of using computer programs to create ' spoof ' transactions on the chicago mercantile exchange , and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence . it 's claimed he did all this from his parents ' semi-detached home in hounslow , west london , where he ran his one man trading company . he was arrested at the address on tuesday afternoon at the request of american prosecutors . under bail conditions he will be tagged and he has surrendered his passport and must live at the family home - keeping to a curfew of between 11pm and 4am at that address . his parents have also agreed to surrender their passports as part of the bail conditions . a full extradition hearing for sarao has been set for august 18th and 19th , with a preliminary hearing on may 26th . sarao 's family 's semi-detached house in suburban west london ( pictured ) , from where he traded . after his arrest earlier this week made headlines across the world , details of his life have been revealed by former colleagues . one of which told mailonline today : ' he was a super human trader - we were in awe of his ability to make money . when he left futex he took £2.5million from his account with him . that was unheard of . ' we were all encouraged to set up offshore accounts . if he has as much money as people think then that 's where it 'll be . ' he is said to have ' loved making money , not spending it ' , and friend told mailonline he would make £250,000 a day trading . despite his alleged wealth he would travel to work late so he could buy off-peak tickets , only have lunch if he could find cut price sandwiches and shunned drinking in pubs for pints of milk at his desk .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .