snp leader nicola sturgeon today hit back at claims from tory former prime minister sir john major that she poses a ' real and present danger ' to the uk . in a speech today , sir john claimed the snp would use any power they wield in westminster after the election to foster division and further their dream of the break up of the 300-year-old union . and he mocked ms sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government , when she is ' not even bothering ' to stand as an mp herself . scroll down for video . snp leader nicola sturgeon was mocked by ex-pm sir john major over her demand to play a role in proper up a labour government , when she is ' not even bothering ' to stand as an mp herself . sir john said that he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more , not less , likely . labour had argued it would ' kill independence stone dead ' but instead it ' fanned the flame ' which lead to the referendum which left the union ' battered ' but intact . ' now , it is at risk again , ' he said . labour 's only route back to power is in hock to smaller , left wing parties , he said , leading to ' more borrowing , more spending , an end to welfare reform , and far more people dragged into higher tax brackets ' . welsh nationalists plaid cymru would demand more money for wales while the ' worthy ' green party 's economic plan is ' a recipe for economic self-harm ' . he warned of ' mayhem ' if the snp holds the balance of power , with a weak labour government open to a ' daily dose of blackmail ' to secure the support of the nationalists in commons votes . the snp would use its role in westminster to bolster support ahead of next year 's scottish parliament elections , when it will put independence back on the agenda , sir john said . the tories hope to capitalise on a damning poll which shows more than half of british voters want ms sturgeon and her party to play no part in the next government . ' the snp is a real and present danger to our future , ' sir john said . ' they will pit scotland against england . that could be disastrous to the people of scotland – and fatal to the uk as a whole . ' but ms sturgeon branded his comments ' an affront to democracy ' . addressing the scottish trades union congress in ayr , she said that snp mps at westminster could ' vigorously and loudly ' support a future labour government in some areas . the snp leader added : ' john major 's comments are silly , over the top and frankly they do n't show him in a particularly good light . ' i want the snp to go to westminster to make scotland 's voice heard and also to be a voice for better politics , for the kind of politics that stands in opposition to tory policies of austerity and undermining public services and pushing more people into poverty . ' i can understand why that message of standing up for ordinary people not just in scotland but across the uk might offend john major as an ex-tory prime minister , but i think it 's a message that will continue to win support right across scotland . ' the former prime minister sought to contrast the ' social division ' he said was sown up labour 's politics with the economic competence and ' strongly beating heart ' he said typifies the tories . nicola sturgeon is threatening to break up the uk without even ' bothering ' to stand for election to westminster , sir john major said today . in a personal attack on the snp leader , sir john cast doubt on the legitimacy of a party which only stands in one part of the country setting the direction of the national government . ' they are part of the united kingdom and so of course they have got the right to have a degree of legitimacy , ' he said . but he accused ms sturgeon of plotting the break-up of the union from edinburgh . ' what i 'm saying is i do n't think the snp party , whose leader is not even bothering to run for the westminster election , are behaving in a way that is in the interest of the united kingdom , by seeking policies that will break scotland away from the united kingdom . ' and they emphatically will not deny that separatism is their aim . ' after last year 's vote saw 55 per cent of scots reject the idea of separation , nationalists insisted the issue was settled for a generation . but ms sturgeon has since left the door open to a second referendum before 2020 . sir john said the snp would ' manufacture grievance ' to make a yes vote more likely any future referendum . ' they will ask for the impossible and create merry hell if it is denied . the nightmare of a broken united kingdom has not gone away . ' the separation debate is not over . the snp is determined to prise apart the united kingdom . ' ms sturgeon yesterday unveiled an anti-austerity manifesto setting out her price for propping up a weak labour government , including higher spending fuelled by more borrowing . polls continue to show up to half of scots are planning to back the snp , robbing labour of dozens of seats and depriving mr miliband of hopes of a majority . mr miliband and ms sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition with snp mps sitting in cabinet . but they have left open the possibility of the snp supporting a labour government on a vote-by-vote basis , raising the prospect of mr miliband being forced to bow to their demands to get any legislation through . sir john warned that this will leave the country open to a ' daily dose of blackmail ' as the snp makes fresh demands in return for supporting labour in commons votes . ' if labour were to accept an offer of support from the snp , it could put the country on course to a government held to ransom on a vote-by-vote basis , ' sir john said . ' labour would be in hock to a party that - slowly but surely - will push them ever further to the left . and who would pay the price for this ? we all would . we would all pay for the snp 's ransom in our daily lives - through higher taxes , fewer jobs , and more and more debt . ' this is a recipe for mayhem . at the very moment our country needs a strong and stable government , we risk a weak and unstable one - pushed to the left by its allies , and open to a daily dose of political blackmail . ' and labour 's alistair darling , who led the no campaign against scottish independence , said the tories were ' flirting with english nationalism' in a ' desperate ' way which could lead to another period of divisive wrangling over scotland 's position . labour leader ed miliband accused the conservatives and david cameron of ' talking up ' the snp in the hope that the nationalists will win seats from labour north of the border and allow him to ' crawl back ' into 10 downing street . a poll showed just 22 per cent of voters across the uk back the idea of ms sturgeon playing a role in the uk government , with 54 per cent opposed . the snp has already suggested that it will be ' entitled to vote against any bit of legislation ' and ' any bit of spending ' it does not agree with . it means that for labour to pass new laws or agree to spending in england , wales or northern ireland they would have to strike a deal with the snp . much of the snp manifesto appeared designed to demonstrate common ground with labour , promising to scrap the bedroom tax , reverse nhs reforms , increase the minimum wage and tackle energy bills . but in key areas it went much further , threatening to drag labour further to the left to make the party ' bolder and better ' . it included scrapping the trident nuclear deterrent , ending austerity and embarking on a £140billion spending spree . in a series of co-ordinated conservative attacks , david cameron warned a labour-snp deal would be a ' match made in hell ' for the british economy . london mayor boris johnson said allowing scottish nationalists to preside of the uk government would be like getting ' herod to run a baby farm ' . but some tories fear the attacks could backfire . lord forsyth - who served as scottish secretary in sir john 's government - warned that building up the snp to undermine support for labour in england could ultimately damage the union . ' we 've had the dilemma for conservatives , which is they want to be the largest party at westminster and therefore some see the fact that the nationalists are going to take seats in scotland will be helpful , ' he told the guardian . ' but that is a short-term and dangerous view which threatens the integrity of our country . ' ms sturgeon has made clear that in the event of a hung parliament she will be in london on may 8 to take charge of talks with labour . ' i am the leader of the party , i would lead those discussions if we 're in that scenario . ' she said yesterday . however , just 22 per cent of voters across the uk back the idea of ms sturgeon playing a role in the uk government , with 54 per cent opposed . it makes the snp by far the least popular potential coalition partner . pollsters comres said older british adults were the most likely to be opposed to snp influence . a survey for itv news found an astonishing 71 per cent of those aged 65 and over want to lock ms sturgeon out of power , compared to 44 per cent of 18 to 24-year-olds . amid fears of a backlash south of the border , ms sturgeon claimed she was offering the ' genuine hand of friendship ' to the rest of the uk . she said : ' the snp is n't going to westminster to seek to bring down governments or block budgets . we 're going to westminster to build an alliance for good , positive , progressive , sensible change . ' 