his turn as doctor who was among the shortest incarnations of the time lord in the programme’s 52-year-history . but christopher eccleston has now suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent . the 51-year-old actor , who grew up in manchester , played the doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show’s revival in 2005 . scroll down for video . too northern ? christopher eccleston ( pictured with billie piper on doctor who ) has suggested he quit the show after falling out with show bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent . he proved a huge hit with fans , but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss russell t davies . asked about his controversial departure from the programme , he told radio times : ‘ i wanted to move him away from rp [ received pronunciation ] for the first time because we shouldn’t make a correlation between intellect and accent , although that still needs addressing . ‘ i hope i’ll be remembered as one of the doctors . i have no ill feeling towards the character or the series . ’ he has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses , saying of his tenure in the role : ‘ i didn’t agree with the way things were being run , or like the culture that grew up around the series . ’ a total of twelve actors have played the time lord since the show first began in 1963 . they include william hartnell , patrick troughton and jon pertwee , and more recently the likes of paul mcgann and matt smith . the 51-year-old actor played the doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 . the most recent incarnation is played by scottish actor peter capaldi . the first doctor who episode was broadcast in november 1963 and the programme now attracts audiences of up to 16 million . the series has been sold to over 200 countries . the third son of working-class parents , eccleston was brought up in salford before going on to star in bbc drama series our friends in the north in 1996 . he has also delivered a withering verdict on privileged actors such as oscar-winner eddie redmayne and benedict cumberbatch , claiming an increase in privately-educated stars is leading to ‘ a milky , anodyne culture’ . he added : ‘ i still feel insecure , like a lot of my working-class contemporaries . i had a sense acting wasn’t for me because i’m not educated . i was a skinny , awkward-looking bugger with an accent , as i still am . ‘ british society has always been based on inequality , particularly culturally . i’ve lived with it , but it’s much more pronounced now , and it would be difficult for someone like me to come through . ‘ you can’t blame eddie redmayne [ eton ] , benedict cumberbatch [ harrow ] and others taking their opportunities but it will lead to a milky , anodyne culture . to an extent that’s already happened . ‘ i confess i don’t watch much film or television drama but i’m aware of the predominance of white , male roles . it’s not just about the working class . there’ s not enough writing for women or people of colour . ‘ it frustrates me when they insist on doing all-male shakespearean productions – a wonderful intellectual exercise , maybe , but it’s outrageous because it’s putting a lot of women out of work . ’ 