when stacey johnson was diagnosed with a brain tumour , her whole family was heartbroken . the pain of a cancer diagnosis never went away , but after eight years of battling the condition , they cared for her and began to live with the disease . but though she had experienced enough grief , stacey johnson was soon delivered another cruel blow - doctors discovered her younger sister dannii also had a growth in her brain . stacey , now 22 , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 and has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy . her sister , dannii , now 20 , helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years , and became her full-time carer last year . stacey johnson ( left ) , 22 , from much hadham , hertfordshire , had just been told her brain tumour had grown when she was dealt another blow - her sister dannii , 20 , also had a tumour . stacey ( left ) and dannii ( right ) have grown up sharing their toys and clothes , and now find themselves both battling ill . in december 2014 , stacey was told her brain tumour , called an astrocytoma , had grown . the family , who live in much hadham , hertfordshire , began to process this frightening news , wondering what treatment stacey would now have to undergo . but they then suffered another shock – as dannii was diagnosed with a brain tumour . she had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches , so had gone to her doctor who had referred her for tests that confirmed there was a growth in her brain . she describes her surprise at being told her headaches were being caused by a brain tumour . dannii said : ' i had never expected it to be a tumour . ' i have been with stacey through it all and it never even occurred that me that that 's what it could be . ' i was really shocked when they told me , but i just got on with it really . dannii had been stacey 's full time carer since last year , but began to suffer headaches and feel ill. she was shocked to discover she too had a tumour , although hers is benign . stacey has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago , and has undergone gruelling chemotherapy . she is pictured here with her sister in 2012 . ' i was down for a few days after i was diagnosed , but i thought i ca n't do anything about it , so i just thought i had to get on with it . ' stacey , who is due start her next round of chemotherapy soon , said the news was so shocking it did n't seem real . she said : ' it sort of felt like a dream and i thought i was going to wake up from it . ' she is one of those types of people who just gets on with it . we are helping each other through it . ' the sisters live with their mother , sharon , 47 , their father brian , 48 , and brother charlie , 28 . they were both born with neurofibromatosis type 1 ( nf1 ) - a condition that causes café au lait spots ( flat brown birthmarks ) on the skin , freckles in unusual places , and benign lumps and bumps . one third of people with the condition will have one or more medical complication during their lifetime , which can include either benign or cancerous brain tumours . however , it is unclear whether the nf1 is related to the sisters ' growths , and they say they have been told there probably is no link . dannii is now awaiting a scan to see if it has grown and what the best course of treatment will be . both sisters were born with neurofibromatosis type 1 - a condition that causes benign lumps and bumps , although they do not know if it is related to their development of brain tumours . dannii said she was shocked when she too was diagnosed . she said : ' i have been with stacey through it all and it never even occurred that me that that 's what it could be . the sisters are pictured in 1997 . she has been told her tumour is not cancerous , and is classed as grade 1 , the lowest risk . however , her mother , sharon johnson , 47 , is worried the tumour could grow and endanger her health . mrs johnson , a housekeeper , said : ' i thought it was a joke when they first told us , i just could n't believe how this could happen to us again . ' they started to explain more about it and i realised it was nothing like stacey 's . ' dannii 's is at the front of her brain and stacey 's is right at the back . ' they have now set up a charity providing days out for children with terminal illnesses . doctors say dannii does not need surgery yet , but mrs johnson said when stacey was first diagnosed with a tumour , doctors believed it was benign . she wants dannii to have the tumours removed , so that it can not grow and turn into cancer . she said : ' first of all they said they would take it out , but then they did a biopsy and found it was n't cancerous , so they have decided to monitor for the next few months . ' i am annoyed that they 're not doing anything . ' exactly the same thing happened with stacey , they said it was n't cancerous but then it grew within three months . ' if they just take it out now then it would n't have the chance to grow . ' they 've said that surgery is dangerous and they only do it when absolutely necessary though . ' in an effort to help others in the same situation , stacey has set up a charity called `` kisses for kids '' providing days out for children with terminal or long term illness . the two sisters now spend their time fund-raising for it . sarah lindsell , chief executive of the brain tumour charity , said : ' a brain tumour diagnosis is a huge shock for anyone . ' for a family to experience it twice is extraordinarily cruel and our hearts go out to the johnsons . ' for the sake of all of those like stacey and dannii whose lives are turned upside down by a brain tumour , we are absolutely determined to improve treatments through research and raise awareness of this devastating disease . '