so the farewell tour will fizzle out rather than end with a bang . steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley but now the curtain will fall in stoke . the dream was for gerrard to end his 25-year association with liverpool by lifting the fa cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with la galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous . losing to aston villa in sunday’s semi-final will take time to get over . ‘ we didn’t play , we looked very nervous , ’ said gerrard on talksport . ‘we’re a team built on passing and playing it quickly but we were very disappointing in that aspect . they ( villa ) were much better . ’ liverpool captain steven gerrard looks to the sky in frustration during liverpool 's fa cup defeat by aston villa . gerrard was the denied the opportunity of ending his liverpool career in this season 's fa cup final at wembley . sunday april 25 : west bromwich albion ( a ) . tuesday april 28 : hull city ( a ) . saturday may 2 : queens park rangers ( h ) . sunday may 10 : chelsea ( a ) . saturday may 16 : crystal palace ( h ) . sunday may 24 : stoke city ( a ) . liverpool’s next two games are away at west brom ( on saturday ) and hull ( next tuesday ) before returning to anfield to play queens park rangers . with the injured lucas leiva facing two weeks out , it is inconceivable to think gerrard will not start . on may 10 comes a trip to stamford bridge where it is possible that liverpool will have to form a guard of honour to welcome chelsea , the champions-in-waiting . aston villa midfielder fabian delph scored the winning goal to crush gerrard 's fa cup final dream . gerrard 's final game at anfield as a liverpool player will come in the league against crystal palace on may 16 . gerrard’s final game at anfield is scheduled for may 16 against crystal palace . then , after more than 700 games and countless golden moments , the end for gerrard and liverpool will come at stoke’s britannia stadium on sunday , may 24 . gerrard is likely to begin his new career in mid-july once the mls transfer window opens — possibly when la galaxy meet san jose earthquakes on july 17 , the same day liverpool play their first pre-season friendly in brisbane . april 27 , 2014 : with liverpool seemingly set for the premier league title , gerrard slips to gift chelsea a goal in a 2-0 defeat at anfield to put the initiative back into the hands of eventual champions manchester city . may 5 , 2014 : liverpool squander a 3-0 lead against crystal palace to see their title hopes suffer a further blow that they would not recover from . june 19 , 2014 : having lost their opening game against italy , england are level with uruguay until captain gerrard gives the ball away to allow luis suarez to score a winner . england left the tournament without win . november 4 , 2014 : gerrard is left out of the team that loses 1-0 at the santiago bernabeu against real madrid in the champions league . december 9 , 2014 : the captain scores but liverpool are knocked out of the champions league after a 1-1 draw with basle leaves them on just five points in group b . january 27 , 2015 : liverpool are knocked out of the capital one cup at the semi-final stage after losing 1-0 to chelsea in extra time at stamford bridge , with gerrard unable to inspire a victory . february 26 , 2015 : gerrard misses europa league tie with besiktas through injury and they crash out on penalties in istanbul . march 22 , 2015 : any hopes of qualifying for next season 's champions league for liverpool take a huge blow in a 2-0 defeat by manchester united at anfield . gerrard is left out of the starting xi and comes on as a second half substitute but is sent off just 38 seconds after coming on . april 19 , 2015 : liverpool lose their fa cup semi-final against aston villa to end all hopes of a trophy in gerrard 's final season . may 10 , 2015 : gerrard travels with liverpool to face chelsea , who could have already wrapped up the title , and faces being ridiculed by the stamford bridge crowd . : sto . may 24 , 2015 : seventeen years playing in the premier league end with a trip to face stoke city at the britannia stadium in a game that will likely be of little importance to either side . 