protests in melbourne turned violent when anti-islam and anti-racism groups clashed . police were forced separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia . scroll down for video . a clash of anti-islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in melbourne . melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests . a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia . it was originally thought reclaim australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests . crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . across australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowd . it was originally thought reclaim australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests . ' whats wrong with muslims anyway ? i dun get it , ' one tweet from the account read . ' in the car reading stuff - wots xenophobia ? help me out , ' another said . however , ' jeremy ' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the sydney protest got underway . ' man f**k this noise i 'm gon na get stoned in the park peace out . ' once the tweets began to get attention , a ' statement ' was released that explained its account was misused and it then said other events around the country would be cancelled . two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . more than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . ' jeremy ' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the sydney protest got underway . once the tweets began to get attention , a ' statement ' was released that explained its account was misused and it then said other events around the country would be cancelled . the tweets were widely shared by people who opposed the rallies . however , organisers behind the sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . ' it 's not us , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' ours is @ reclaim_aus . ' twitter users quickly began to poke fun at the group after doubts over the page emerged . ' maybe before you you practice on something small like reclaiming your twitter account . work up to the big stuff slowly , ' one said . several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . organisers behind the sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . ' it 's not us , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' ours is @ reclaim_aus ' two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in sydney and melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . about 500 people attended the rally held in martin place , sydney , which included speeches from former australia defence league member shermon burgess and rise up ! australia party nsw president norm bishop . hundreds of people attended the ' reclaim australia ' rally held in martin place , sydney . protesters in the crowd carried flags and chanted “ aussie , aussie , aussie - oi , oi , oi” and many carried banners denouncing islam . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . protesters cheered as speakers said australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of islam and sharia law . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . one took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ' ashamed ' . in melbourne , protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in federation square . two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the different groups . several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports . 