on the eve of his 40th birthday , john hartson has reflected on his battle with cancer and admitted his major health scare forced him to stop drinking as much , battle a gambling addiction and become a loyal husband . hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer which had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 , at age of 33 . in his column in the scottish sun , hartson recalls how he felt ' as good as dead ' upon receiving the news . former celtic striker john hartson ( centre ) has reflected on how cancer made him change his life . hartson ( right ) was diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 . hartson admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to after beating cancer . ' when anyone goes through a life-changing experience they say it alters their perspective , ' hartson wrote . ' i virtually begged for a second chance at life . 'i’ll be honest with you here and now — i used to be a drinker , a s****er and a gambler . i’d have sunday afternoons on the sauce when i’d down 11 pints and go home smashed . i was unfaithful to my wife . ' the former luton , arsenal , west ham and celtic striker admitted cancer forced him to face up to a gambling addiction and he changed his ways as he slowly recovered . ' i would bet on sports i knew nothing about , literally blowing a fortune , as in mine ! that addiction almost killed me . ' but it was cancer that forced me to face up to things and come to a realisation i had to stop . ' hartson ( left ) played for teams such as arsenal , west ham and celtic during his playing career . hartson says he loves the settled life he has formed for himself as he approaches his 40th birthday . hartson added that he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life . 'i’m older now , though , wiser and more settled in life than i ever thought possible , ' hartson said . 'i’d rather go for a quiet meal with sarah , have a glass of wine and sit talking about the kids . that’s my life now and i love it . ' 