north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents . the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport . the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city , as well as kim 's home nation of armenia . scroll down for video . someone 's happy ! north west wears a bright smile upon arriving in paris with her parents . giddy : the only only child of kim kardashian and kanye west giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the charles-de-gaulle airport . happy girl : north wore a cute white knitted top with denim shorts and boots . on monday , kim , kanye and khloe arrived in jerusalem 's old city to visit armenian church st james cathedral in order to baptise the nearly-two-year-old girl . archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . ' kim kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a christian officially and a member of the armenian church , ' shirvanian said , slightly perplexed by all the commotion . home away from home : paris is a favourite city of kanye and kim 's where they enjoyed the first half of their wedding celebrations . family : the mother , father and daughter have been enjoying an easter break together . baptised : north was christened in jerusalem 's old city at the armenian church st james cathedral . relatives : a number of kim 's cousins and family members joined them in paris . ' all i know is that she 's a famous personality . i do n't know her in person . in any case she is welcome with her family . ' a source tells e ! that khloe , who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans , is north 's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather ( while uncommon , it is an option where there is n't one ) . the insider described the ceremony as ' so special ' . the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . afterwards , the family dined with jerusalem mayor nir barkat at mona restaurant . members of reality tv 's first family touched down monday in the holy land for what was described as a private two-day visit . they family had earlier arrived in a private jet at israel 's international airport before being whisked away in a dark black suv to a hotel in jerusalem . she 's pushy : kim took command of the pram as they arrived in paris . goofing around : kim zig-zags the pushchair across the baggage claims floor for north 's amusement . big ceremony ? according to the daily star , kimye are hoping to host the ceremony at the eiffel tower . the following day they headed over to paris , a second home for kanye , kim and their daughter , and reportedly where the married couple will renew their wedding vows . according to the daily star , kimye are hoping to host the ceremony at the eiffel tower . a source told the paper : ' they could n't imagine anywhere more romantic to celebrate one year of married life . ' however , his initial idea of having the tower illuminated with their names has been refused by the authorities.a source added to the daily star newspaper : ' [ he was ] a bit upset . he thought he could pull a few strings , but they said ' non ' . ' the couple wed in florence , italy in may last year and now they are allegedly setting up a romantic boat trip on the river seine , where they weill be serenaded by opera singers and a string quartet . in she goes ! kim carries north into the car to take them to their paris apartment . 