the bereaved teenage son of a tulsa man shot and killed by a 73-year-old volunteer deputy says his father 's killer should have never been on a police force . ' he should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' aidan fraley said of robert bates . the 16-year-old told nbc he believes everyone on the tulsa force is to blame for his father the april 2 death of his father eric harris and says ' they should all go down . ' ' he should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad ' : aidan fraley ( right ) , 16-year-old son of slain unarmed tulsa suspect eric harris ( left ) has spoken out to say that his father 's 73-year-old killer should never have been deputized and given a gun . ' they should all go down ' : fraley ( here with his uncle andre harris ) , says all the tulsa police who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . meanwhile , his own mother -- who calls harris her ' soulmate ' -- has already forgiven his killer . ' the lord has forgiven me for my sins , and who am i not to forgive him ? ' fraley told nbc as she spoke out on the case for the first time . her young son , however , is not ready to forgive and wants to see the other police officers at the scene brought to justice . ' they were involved in it , ' he said . ' one of the dudes had his knee on his head , and i feel like that played a part in his death after the shooting . ' bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 as he lay on the ground . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter . defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff 's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in oklahoma . the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 as he lay on the ground . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter . terrified : the fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies ( pictured ) , says : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man . ' he then adds : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ' . bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of records released to the associated press and other news organizations include records bates copied and kept for himself . although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seem to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . ' for the first time today , we feel like someone 's starting to look at the other side of this as far as his qualifications , ' scott wood , an attorney for bates , said after the documents were released . the tulsa county volunteer deputy has disputed a tulsa world report that sheriff 's office supervisors were ordered to falsify his training records . the world said at least three of bates ' supervisors were transferred for refusing to go along with the requests , and said it consulted multiple sources who spoke on condition of anonymity , but it gave no indication how those sources were familiar with the situation . bates told nbc 's ' today ' show on friday that he was certified for his position and had the documentation to prove it . harris ' family attorney - who had questioned bates ' qualifications as a reserve deputy - did not return a message seeking comment saturday . a call to the district attorney 's office rang unanswered , and the sheriff 's office referred questions to wood . ' i want to do everything i can to make sure that people know that this allegation of falsified records is not true , ' wood said . confusion : an image shows a taser and a handgun similar to the weapons bates was carrying . he mistakenly thought he was holding a taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot eric harris .      