teachers are having to use google translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children . a union conference heard today that schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english . teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 languages . a union conference heard today that schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children arriving unable to speak english - forcing some teachers to use google translate to make lesson plans in other languages . they also said english-speaking children are not getting their ‘ fair share’ of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad . in a speech to delegates from the association of teachers and lecturers , oxfordshire teacher joy wilson said many staff had little or no training in how to deal with pupils with english as an additional language ( eal ) . she said : ‘ uk schools are educating a rising number of eal pupils . this continues day by day . ‘ there are now 300 different languages and this is a challenge as we are experiencing growing numbers , and areas of previously no [ bilingual ] students now have them for the first time . ’ she pointed out that it takes some pupils up to seven years to gain adequate language proficiency for academic work - which means their lack of english holds them back . teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 different languages - but hardly any english . she said that it was even harder to deal with those who had ‘ complex needs’ such as communication disorders , autism and moderate learning difficulties if they also had poor english skills . around one in six primary school pupils do not have english as their first language , while in secondary schools the figure is one in seven . official statistics released in 2014 showed the proportion of non-native speakers in primary schools increased from 18.1 per cent to 18.7 per cent in a year . in secondary schools , the proportion increased from 13.6 to 14.3 per cent . some schools in multicultural areas have pupils with more than 20 different native languages . earlier this year , it was revealed that only 10 per cent of pupils at gascoigne primary school in barking , east london , were native english speakers . diane wilson , who also teaches in oxfordshire , told the conference in liverpool she had hungarian , russian and portuguese children in her class . she said : ‘ i was up until midnight writing individual lesson plans for the three eal students and two other differentiated ones for the rest of the class . all the materials handled were self made and individual instructions using google translate were put into hungarian and portuguese . ‘ without the appropriate funding , the eal students do not get the specialist support staff they need . ‘ the non-eal students do not get a fair share of the teacher’s time . the stress levels of the teacher go through the roof . ’ heather emerson , a teacher from salford , told the delegates : ‘it’s hard , not just for the teachers but for the children as well , and we need to be able to support them . 'i’ve learnt how to speak a little bit of urdu , a little bit of persian , a little bit of spanish , and i’m currently learning arabic . ’ malcolm st john-smith , from wakefield , said pupils were arriving in schools with english which was ‘ rudimentary to say the least’ and not developing their skills at home . statistics show non-native speakers in primary schools increased from 18.1 per cent to 18.7 per cent in 2014 . he added : ‘ unless we do something to actively encourage parents to be a part and recognise that they are a part of this problem , it is still going to go on . ‘ i know of schools where there are over 30 different languages being spoken . how do we expect to be able to cope with that unless we have support from everywhere ? ’ the teachers’ concerns come amid a growing crisis over places in primary and secondary schools , fuelled partly by migration and a baby boom . in parts of london , almost half of families did not get their first choice of secondary school this year . ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw warned last year that schools needed more help to deal with growing numbers of children who can not speak english . he said : ‘ when they’re faced with an influx of children from other countries , they need the resources and capacity to deal with it . ’