the parents of a five-year-old transgender boy are sharing their son’s story with the world in a bid to prove that there is no such thing as being ‘ too young’ to identify as transgender . massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay 's son jacob was n't always a boy . the five-year-old was born mia , the second of three sisters . but from a very early age , jacob began rejecting his gender . and after years of questioning how to handle his preferences , before finally coming to terms with what their son wanted , the lemays explained to nbc news that they decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy . scroll down for video . boys will be boys : mimi and joe lemay 's five-year-old son jacob was born a girl named mia , but the couple has now accepted that their child is a boy . mimi and joe began to notice that jacob was having difficulties when he was a toddler . then named mia , he would insist on changing his clothes 10 to 12 times a day , in an attempt to find something he felt comfortable in , before his parents bought him a blue ' doggy sweater ' that he wore for six months straight - often over girlier dresses and tutus . the couple assumed they were just raising a tomboy . ' she would take on `` boy '' personas , and just always want to play with boy things , ' said joe . ' her need to play boy roles , and her need to be seen or spoken to as a boy at home became very persistent , ' added mimi . then , shortly before he turned three , jacob declared himself a boy . happy family : jacob was born the second of three daughters in the massachusetts-based lemay family . finding the right wardrobe : from a young age , jacob ( r ) preferred to wear boy clothes ; when his parents still dressed him as a girl , the frustrated toddler would change outfits up to 12 times a day . mimi said that she was worried that jacob 's behavior would make it harder for him to build relationships - already , he had trouble relating to his peers - and she hoped her child 's desire to be a boy would go away . in the meantime , she and joe made allowances while jacob was n't in public . home became a ' battleground over gender ' , mimi wrote in a letter to jacob on his fifth birthday , which was published by the synapse , continuing that they decided to let jacob cut his hair , wear boy clothes , and assume aspects of his male identity at home . while this made things easier when just family was around - his older sister eventually stopped teasing him about not being a ' real boy ' - things were still hard at school , where jacob did n't engage with his classmates . jacob 's parents explained that their son 's behavior was n't just that of a typical tomboy . not content to just ' pretend ' to be a boy , jacob , then still called mia , hated her body and would say things like : ' why did god make me this way ? why did god make me wrong ? ' trying to fit in : while he was still perceived as a girl , jacob would only open up around his family and had trouble getting along with his peers . accepting his identity : the lemays eased into jacob 's transition , slowly allowing him to wear boy clothes , cut his hair short , and refer to himself as a boy at home . mimi and joe saw a glimpse of their future on an april 2014 trip to disney world . they let jacob wear a prince charming costume , and when strangers called him handsome he ' just glowed ' . his mother said persistence , consistence , and insistence are the hallmarks of a possibly transgender child - and jacob was demonstrating all three . in june 2014 , the lemays sat jacob down and showed him a video about another transgender boy , ryland whittington . tears in her eyes , mimi told him : ' all we want is for you to be happy , but we need help to understand what will make you happy . ' joe asked jacob if he wanted to be like ryland and have everyone know he 's a boy . ' i ca n't , ' jacob told them . ' i have to be mia at school . ' his parents told him that if he wanted to , he could start attending a new school in the fall . jacob was elated , telling them , ' i want to be a boy always . ' the lemays began to let jacob transition . playing the prince : on a trip to disney world last year , jacob ( pictured right with his sister ella ) was thrilled when strangers mistook him for a boy in his prince charming costume . happy kid : since transitioning , jacob has come into his own ; he socializes and shows affection more since he has started to feel more like himself . mimi says she and her husband did n't expect the ' seismic shift ' in jacob 's behavior and personality that they experienced , but the boy completely came out of his shell . he immediately became more social , more affectionate , and more interested in picking up hobbies . ' he 's just a different person . he 's becoming himself , ' said joe . watching how the change has affected jacob has allowed his parents to see jacob as he sees himself . ' i realized he had never really been mia , ' mimi said . ' that had been a figment of my imagination . ' the lemays hope that coming forward to talk about their experience will help jacob grow up in a society where there 's a better perception of transgender people .