liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the barclays premier league having fought through a tough and long season at anfield . henderson and liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night , equalling the record for appearances by any player in the top five european leagues so far this campaign . but the england midfielder believes that after finding winning form again following poor results against manchester united and arsenal , liverpool can pile the pressure on to city who sit four points above them in the race for the champions league . liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . manchester city have been faltering and lost 4-2 at manchester united , liverpool are four points behind . ' we knew it was an important game for us , ' henderson said ' obviously the last couple of weeks in the premier league have been disappointing both with performances and results . we knew today we needed to put that right and i think we did that with a great result for us . ' we 've got ground to make up but we 'll just keep going , keep winning in games and putting in performances . come the end of the season , you never know . ' raheem sterling pulled off some fine skill to open the scoring in the ninth minute at anfield before joe allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to score his first anfield goal with 20 minutes to go . raheem sterling pulled off some fine skill to open the scoring in the ninth minute at anfield on monday night . joe allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to score his first anfield goal to make it 2-0 with 20 minutes to go . ' it was great to get that goal to give us that two-goal cushion , ' allen said . ' it was n't my best game but i got the goal and helped the team . it was important after the defeats . ' newcastle had what looked a strong shout for a penalty when dejan lovren appeared to foul ayoze perez in the area , and allen admitted he thought it was a spot-kick . ' i did get a good view of it as i 'd missed the ball in the build-up , ' he said . ' it look a good shout for a penalty , but i did n't get one the other night . these things happen . ' liverpool 's players congratulate allen on his goal that secured another vital win in the premier league battle . 