liverpool midfielder lucas leiva is relishing the prospect of a long-awaited wembley appearance after injury robbed him of the chance three years ago . the reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012 after winning the league cup and losing the fa cup to chelsea , but the brazil international missed all of them with a serious knee injury sustained in the previous november . but having played his part in the 1-0 quarter-final win at blackburn , lucas is hoping to get his chance in the last-four encounter with aston villa on april 19 . lucas leiva ( right ) celebrates with liverpool manager brendan rodgers after getting to the fa cup semi-final . lucas ( left ) challenges markus olsson as liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay . lucas can play his first game at wembley in a liverpool shirt when they meet aston villa in the semi-final . ' unfortunately i got an injury before we got to wembley so i missed [ the chance to play there ] , ' he said . ' hopefully i 'll be fit and be able to play at wembley . i 've never played there , so it will be a very good experience and after many years here , to have that chance is amazing . ' i think everyone could see how hard we worked . we knew it was going to be a very hard game in difficult conditions , but i think we did well and we are so happy to get to wembley and hopefully get to the final . ' victory over blackburn intensified talk of the team giving captain steven gerrard , who departs for los angeles galaxy , the perfect send-off as his birthday falls on the day of the final . however , the midfielder was suspended for the tie at ewood park and it was lucas 's compatriot philippe coutinho who made the difference with a 70th-minute strike , having scored a brilliant last-minute winner in a fourth-round replay at bolton . coutinho has arguably been liverpool 's best player over the last five months having not only finally seemed to have grown in stature as a playmaker but also adding goals to his armoury . ' i have known him for a very long time and i know what he 's capable of doing , ' lucas told liverpoolfc.com . ' he 's becoming an even bigger player for the club and he 's got a long way to go in terms of age and experience , but he 's already right there with the top players . ' another player whose form has taken a significant upturn during that period is goalkeeper simon mignolet , who produced two excellent saves to keep a clean sheet against rovers and even stopped opposite number simon eastwood scoring what would have been the most dramatic of equalisers after the rovers keeper came up for a throw-in in added time . the belgium international has overcome his early-season wobbles when he seemed to be the cause of much of liverpool 's defensive frailties . he admits victory over blackburn was important after back-to-back premier league defeats put a huge dent in their champions league aspirations . ' after the result against arsenal there was n't much time to think because we knew there was going to be a game on wednesday , ' mignolet said . ' so we had to recover well , put the focus to blackburn and then make sure that we did the things we wanted to do . ' i think the lads and the team responded really well , did their jobs and did what the gaffer asked us to do , and we managed to get the result we wanted . ' we needed to bounce back after two disappointing results against manchester united and arsenal and we did that . ' we gave something back to the fans , who have got something to look forward to now as well with a trip to wembley . philippe coutinho ( right ) scored the decisive goal for liverpool , drilling a low shot in off the far post . simon mignolet ( left ) produced another commanding display in goal for liverpool at ewood park . mignloet praised the liverpool supporters and is targeting reaching the final of the fa cup . ' they stand behind us at every single away game , they turn up in numbers and it 's always nice to play in front of that crowd . ' they pushed us forward and they have something to look forward to now with a big game at wembley . hopefully we can get to the final as well . ' as a result of liverpool 's semi-final involvement their league match at hull scheduled for that weekend has been rescheduled for tuesday , april 28 at the kc stadium . 