david cameron will today promise extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs . in a speech on the economy , the prime minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment . the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places . scroll down for video . david cameron , pictured , will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces at a cost of £350 million . mr cameron , pictured , will tell the audience that the conservative party wants to reward hard work . ‘ for many second earners , work didn’t pay because the cost of childcare was so high . so we introduced 15 hours of free childcare a week for three- and four-year-olds and disadvantaged two-year-olds . ‘ in the next parliament we will double that for three- and four-year-olds . that’ s right – 30 hours of free childcare a week – worth £5,000 to working families . ‘ that means over 600,000 extra free childcare places available for families every year – nine million extra hours of childcare a week and parents able to work an extra 78 days a year without any childcare costs – all by 2017 . ’ mr cameron will also argue ‘ that true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’ . the conservatives inherited a ‘ shocking situation’ where ‘ some of the poorest people faced some of the highest marginal rates of taxation’ and couples ‘ were spending as much on childcare as one of them took home in earnings’ . ‘ we , the conservative party , have been using all the tools at our disposal – the tax and benefit system ; childcare and the minimum wage , to turn that around . this goes to the heart of the country we are trying to build : one based on the principle of something for something , not something for nothing – where those who put in , get out , where hard work is rewarded – where we make work pay . ‘i’ve said it before : i’m not in this job to be some high powered accountant . i don’t just want the lines on the graph to go in the right direction . i want lives to go in the right direction . i believe passionately in reducing poverty . and the best route out of poverty is this : work . ‘we’ve proved that . since we came to power – since we’ve got more people working than in our history – there are 600,000 fewer people and 300,000 fewer children in relative poverty . ’ the new free childcare will be available where all parents in the household are working at least eight hours a week at the minimum wage . the new 30 hours entitlement will cost just under £350 million a year .