a senior labour mp has admitted that the party would look to ' forge a common alliance ' with the snp to ensure ed miliband becomes prime minister . david lammy , who is standing for london mayor , said the snp was a party labour could ' do business with ' in the event of another hung parliament . the admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from the tories that the snp will hold labour to ' ransom ' if it holds the balance of power in parliament next month . scroll down for video . david lammy , appearing on itv news last night , said the snp was a party labour could ' do business with ' in the event of another hung parliament . polls suggest nicola sturgeon 's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on may 7 – wiping out any hopes of a labour majority . but the scottish first minister has vowed to work with mr miliband to ' lock out ' david cameron from number 10 in exchange for higher government spending , more taxes and increased borrowing . former prime minister john major will today warn that britain faces a ' daily dose of blackmail ' from the snp if they have the power to bring down a labour government . with 16 days to polling on may 7 , sir john will say that a labour-snp administration would lead to ' weak and unstable ' government and wreck britain 's economic recovery . mr miliband has ruled out joining a formal coalition with the snp but has refused to be drawn on whether he could work with them on a vote-by-vote basis . however , speaking on itv news last night , mr lammy went further – insisting that a deal with the snp could be struck . mr miliband meanwhile has accused the prime minister of ' threatening the integrity of the united kingdom ' by talking up the prospects of scottish nationalists in the may 7 general election . speaking on newsnight last night mr miliband insisted he would not form a coalition with the snp after the election . he said : ' we are fighting for a victory . i think we can win this election . but clearly , after the general election , you would forge common alliance with parties that you can actually do business with , and the snp must be part of that story . ' it comes after labour 's shadow house of commons leader angela eagle said in the event of a hung parliament labour ' would speak to any party that has got representation in the house of commons in order to try to build a majority for a queen 's speech that the country desperately needs ' . defence secretary michael fallon said the admission exposed the threat posed by an snp-labour alliance . he told mailonline : ' one of ed miliband 's most senior mps is openly talking about forming a ' common alliance ' with the snp . nicola sturgeon has called on ed miliband to forge an ' anti tory ' alliance . ' the british public will pay through their noses for the higher taxes , the higher debt and the higher benefit payments an snp-miliband government will rack up . ' ' there 's only one guaranteed way to stop this – vote conservative on may 7 . ' speaking on the bbc 's today programme this morning , the former foreign secretary william hague said the tories needed to ' sound the alarm ' over the threat posed by the snp . he said : ' we have the danger here that people who want to break up the united kingdom will be running the united kingdom in a few weeks ' time if there is a labour government with a large number of scottish nationalist mps . ' and it 's not the conservatives who have talked that up ; it 's the story , whether of opinion polls or of what everybody 's talking about on the ground . ' he added : ' unless we have a conservative majority we will be faced with a labour government in a minority dependent on scottish nationalists , that they will make impossible demands , they will demand higher taxes , higher welfare spending , weaker defences every single day for five years and that will be disastrous for families across the uk and for the whole future of the united kingdom . ' mr miliband meanwhile has accused the prime minister of ' threatening the integrity of the united kingdom ' by talking up the prospects of scottish nationalists in the may 7 general election . speaking this morning mr miliband insisted there would be no coalition with the snp and denied nicola sturgeon 's party would hold the whip hand on policy , telling bbc1 's breakfast : ' a labour government led by me , what happens in that labour government will be decided by me , not by the snp . ' labour had ' fundamental differences ' with the snp , such as the nationalist party 's desire for a second independence referendum within five years , he said , adding : ' i 'm not having that . ' mr miliband said mr cameron had been ' talking up ' the snp in the hope that it would take votes and seats from labour north of the border and allow him to ' crawl back ' into 10 downing street . ' i think david cameron is playing fast and loose with the united kingdom , ' said the labour leader . ' this is somebody who has given up hope of winning a majority . he is trying to boost the snp . ' i think david cameron is now threatening the integrity of the uk with the games he is playing . and i think conservatives are now ashamed of what he is doing . ' 