scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ' magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products . the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid ( stf ) , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature . in a ' liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . scroll down for video of the body armour in action . the new material in its liquid form ( left ) and the solid form it take on impact ( right ) . the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid ( stf ) , and does not conform to the model of newtonian liquids , such as water , in which the force required to move the fluid faster must increase exponentially , and its resistance to flow changes according to temperature . instead stf hardens upon impact at any temperature , providing protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . ' this viscosity increases thanks to the subordination of the particles in the liquid structure , therefore they form a barrier against an external penetrating factor , ' said karolina olszewska , who performed tests on the stf for moratex . the exact composition of the stf is known only to moratex and its inventors at the military institute of armament technology in warsaw , but ballistic tests proved its resistance to a wide range of projectiles . ' we needed to find , design a liquid that functions both with projectiles hitting at the velocity of 450 meters per second and higher . ' we have succeeded , ' said deputy director for research at the moratex institute , marcin struszczyk . struszczyk said the liquid 's stopping capability , combined with the lower indentation of its surface , provides a higher safety level for the user compared with traditional , mostly kevlar-based , solutions . ' if a protective vest is fitted to the body , then a four centimeter deep deflection may cause injury to the sternum , sternum fracture , myocardial infarction , lethal damage to the spleen , ' struszczyk said . ' thanks to the properties of the liquid , thanks to the proper formation of the insert , we eliminate one hundred percent of this threat because we have reduced the deflection from four centimeters to one centimeter . ' the liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets , which can be placed inside the body armour . when hit by a high-speed projectile , a wide area of the stf hardens instantly , causing the usually massive energy to be dispersed away from the wearer 's internal organs . implementing the solution in body armor required designing special inserts , but the company says those are lighter than standard ballistic inserts and broader range of movement for their users in the police and military . ' the point is for them not to interfere , not change the way of movement , operation of such the product by the user , and at the same time increase their motor skills , increase effectiveness of their decision process and increase their possibilities during the mission at hand , ' struszczyk said . a bullet test shows the material hardening on impact . researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs . the laboratory is also working on a magnetorheological fluid , which they hope can be also applied in their products . according to the researchers , both liquids can find applications beyond body armor , such as in the production of professional sports inserts , and even entire outfits . another use could be in car bumpers or road protective barriers . 