manchester united midfielder marouane fellaini has been terrorising opposition defences of late , but goalkeeper thibaut courtois has revealed chelsea have a plan to deal with him . united travel to stamford bridge on saturday afternoon hoping to put a spanner in the works of chelsea’s barclays premier league title charge , with fellaini the danger man in midfield . but his countryman courtois says the blues have been working on a way to combat the unorthodox midfielder after he starred in recent wins over tottenham , liverpool and manchester city . marouane fellaini ( pictured ) has been in brilliant form for manchester united in recent weeks . the 27-year-old controls the ball with his chest during united 's 4-2 victory against manchester city . ' manchester united have a lot of other good players to decide a match , so we are not completely focused on fellaini , ’ courtois said . ‘ but we know that when he comes into the box , he is very dangerous . ‘ i will probably have to come out to collect crosses into the box . of course , we know about him and hope to keep him out . ‘ of course , ( the exact way we deal with him ) has to be kept private . i can not say exactly how we will do it , but of course we know to keep an eye on marouane . ’ fellaini has emerged as one of the premier league’s most effective performers recently , flourishing under louis van gaal’s management after being cast as a joke figure under david moyes last season . chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois believes his side will be able to combat fellaini 's style of play . courtois in action during chelsea 's 1-0 premier league victory against queens park rangers last weekend . courtois has played alongside the big-haired 27-year-old for belgium , with whom he has also become a key figure , scoring in their last two european championship qualifiers . ‘ you have to use marouane 's qualities , ’ courtois told sporting telenet . ‘ if you do not play him in the right position , he might not play as well and could come across as a bad footballer . courtois celebrates chelsea 's last minute victory with cesc fabregas and john terry . ‘ but if he is used the right way , i think he has more technical ability than people think . beyond that , he is obviously very strong and dangerous with his head . he 's a real box-to-box player , he can be in defence and five seconds later upfront and scoring . you have to be very attentive . ' despite fellaini’s abilities , courtois is confident of winning the premier league title and feels eden hazard will double it up with the pfa player of the year award , even if he admits that teams have found out a way to stop chelsea . ‘ i think at the start of the season , teams did not really know how to play against us , ’ he said . ‘ now they know and they try to stop the way we play as much as possible . ‘ eden has been decisive for us and if we are champions , a lot of credit goes to him , ’ he added . ‘ in that area , he still has an edge over his competitors . ’ eden hazard ( left ) has propelled chelsea to the top of the premier league with his brilliant displays . courtois believes his comaptriot hazard will be collecting the pfa player of the year award . 