landlord : despite attacking right to buy , emily thornberry has three homes . a senior labour politician was under fire last night for attacking right to buy – while renting out a property she bought from a housing association . emily thornberry has come out against david cameron’s pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes . but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million . tories said miss thornberry , who lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in england flags and with a white van outside , opposed right to buy but not ‘ right to buy to let’ . ‘ this hypocrisy goes right to the heart of ed miliband’s islington-based , out-of-touch labour party , ’ said henry smith , who is seeking re-election as conservative mp for crawley . ‘ they speak out against plans that help the aspirations of hardworking people on days when it’s politically useful . ’ housing association chiefs have also been accused of hypocrisy for drawing huge salaries and living in mansions while wishing to deny tenants a foot on the property ladder . ruth davison , of the national housing federation , which represents housing associations , has a£1million home in fashionable islington , north london . miss thornberry yesterday retweeted an article from the federation attacking right to buy . and , in a question-and-answer session last week , the labour candidate for islington south and finsbury criticised the policy directly . she said : ‘ i don’t have a problem per se with people being able to buy their council flat or council house , so long as it is replaced like for like . ' and that’s what the problem has been . there has been a massive sell-off but they have not been replaced . ’ council house tenants in england can already buy their home at a discount of up to £103,900 . the tories would extend this to 800,000 housing association tenants who now have limited purchase rights and to 500,000 who have no rights at all . around 2.7million people live in these properties . the subsidies would be funded by making councils sell their more costly properties when they become vacant . each would be replaced on a one-for-one basis . the picture that cost miss thornberry her job as shadow attorney general was taken during the rochester by-election , which was won by ukip . the case highlighted just how much high-value property miss thornberry owned . costly tweet : emily thornberry lost her frontbench job after tweeting this picture , with the sneering caption ' image from # rochester ' while on the campaign trail in medway , kent . she lives with her husband , high court judge sir christopher nugee , in a four-storey victorian townhouse on an exclusive crescent in barnsbury , north london , worth almost £3million . emily thornberry was forced to resign from the shadow cabinet in november after sneering at a home with st george’s flags hung outside and a white van on the drive . she said she had ‘ never seen anything like it’ after tweeting a photo of the terraced home while on the campaign trail for the rochester and strood by-election in kent . the then-shadow attorney general , who lives in a £3million north london house , wrote mockingly alongside the photo : ‘ image from rochester . ’ at first she tried to defend her remarks but was told to quit within hours of the tweet . the home’s owner , cage fighter dan ware , 37 , branded her a ‘snob’ . speaking at the time , leader ed miliband said : ‘ respect is a basic rule of politics and i’m afraid her tweet conveyed a sense of disrespect . ’ miss thornberry also owns a £600,000 flat in guildford , surrey , which she bought for her mother in 2000 . in march 2007 , her husband bought the housing association property in finsbury at auction for £572,000 . the three-storey townhouse was bought from ujima , a housing association catering largely for ethnic minority tenants , which went bust just months later . it is now let . the fact a housing association sells a property does not necessarily mean social housing stock has fallen . they could use the cash to build in a cheaper area . during part of her childhood , miss thornberry lived in a council house . at the age of seven , her parents divorced and she and her two younger brothers moved into social housing with their mother . labour politicians continued to attack the right to buy extension yesterday . david lammy , a potential london mayoral candidate , tweeted : ‘ extending right to buy is one of the most senseless and irresponsible pledges ever made by a british political party . ’ last night a yougov poll for the policy exchange think-tank suggested 50 per cent back extended right to buy . housing fat cat who hates right to buy is a labour supporter with £1m home . hypocrite ? ruth davison , leading critic of david cameron 's plan to extent the right to buy scheme is a labour party member and the owner of a £1million house in islington , london . the leading critic of conservative party plans to give housing association tenants a right to buy herself lives in a £1million house . as director of policy and external affairs at the national housing federation , ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . but just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london , neither has she revealed just how comfortable her own house is . in reality she has been one of the country’s biggest gainers from the private property boom . she also earned hefty salaries in public bodies for years when labour was in power . miss davison , 44 , and husband chris bailey , 47 , who describes himself as an ‘ urban regenerator , non-profit board member and social entrepreneur’ , bought a large terrace house in islington for £440,000 ten years ago . it has now rocketed to more than £1million in value . yet on behalf of the fat-cat housing association bosses she speaks for , miss davison has been across the newspapers and broadcasters this week fighting to stop the conservative election campaign proposal to extend ‘ right to buy’ legislation from council house tenants to the 2.7million people living in housing association properties . under the scheme , housing association tenants would receive discounts of tens of thousands of pounds on the market value of their homes . miss davison told the bbc in response to the tory right-to-buy plans on tuesday that it was wrong to effectively give money to ‘ some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents’ . she added : ‘ we are independent organisations and charities – you can no more force a housing association to sell their assets at less than they’re worth than you can force tesco , or even cancer research . so housing associations would have to be fully recompensed for any sale . there will be a cost to the taxpayer . ’ miss davison’s first major taxpayer-funded role under labour was at the audit commission , with other senior roles at bedford and hertfordshire strategic health authority and the national patient safety agency . last night miss davison said : ‘ the price of a family house is now beyond the reach of many – i couldn’t afford to buy my home now . ‘ we need to build more homes of all types to make housing more affordable for everyone , not just give money away to the lucky few . ’