police were led to the site where stephanie scott 's remains were found by the family of her accused killer , it has been revealed . detectives were pointed to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw by the mother and brother of vincent standford - who has been charged with ms scott 's murder . standford , 24 , was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions , news corp reported . police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body - who they believe is ms scott , 26 , - in bushland late around 5pm on friday afternoon , the night before the leeton school teacher was due to get married . scroll down for video . police were lead to the place where leeton school teacher stephanie scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . her body was discovered on friday evening around 5pm in cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw . stephanie scott ( right ) , pictured with her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley , was last seen on easter sunday . it has also emerged that one of the last actions of ms scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , according to fairfax media . her body has now been transported to glebe morgue in sydney to undergo forensic testing . on saturday - the day which ms scott was set to marry her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . in a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . her father robert scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on saturday in leeton , nsw . the 26-year-old was last seen on easter sunday which sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher until police found remains of a body at a national park on friday , where police further allege a gasoline can had been found nearby . ms scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in canberra last month with her mother merrilyn . on saturday , the day ms scott was due to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley , a memorial was held . aaron leeson-woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . ' stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' mr scott said at his daughter 's memorial on saturday . ' stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' mr scott said at his daughter 's memorial on saturday . ' our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ' i 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' ms scott 's grief-stricken fiance aaron leeson-woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate the life of the popular english and drama teacher . yellow balloons were released into the air on saturday in honour of the late bride-to-be . the body was found just metres from the road in cocoparra national park , in the riverina region of nsw . aaron leeson-woolley made an emotional visit to the makeshift shrine of his killed fiancee . right . a vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and english . hundreds of people attended the memorial at mountford park , the centre of leeton , as ms scott 's family and close friends sat in a circle in the centre on chairs . in another touching move , women across australia put their wedding dresses outside their homes at the weekend , to remember ms scott who did not make it to her own ceremony . facebook , instagram and twitter were flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing , balloons , ribbons , flowers and posters under the hashtag # wearatouchofyellow . 26-year-old ms scott was due to get married to her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley on saturday . on friday , detective superintendent michael rowan said that ms scott 's body , found just metres from the road in cocoparra national park , in the riverina region of nsw , had been burned . the body was discovered at 5pm in the evening , just a day before the 26-year-old teacher was due to marry her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley . the remains of the body have been taken to glebe infirmary for further forensics . police also said that a gasoline can had been found at the site , north of griffith . ' the remains were found yesterday afternoon , ' detective superintendent rowan said . ' as far as the burning of the body , i can certainly confirm that that is the case . he verified that members of the accused vincent stanford 's family had been helping with the case . ' certainly yesterday as part of our enquiries we spoke to the accused 's family to help with the case , ' he said . ' and this along with other pieces helped to put together the puzzle . ' family and friends of stephanie scott had flown from around the world to attend her wedding , but are now bracing themselves for her funeral . the english and drama teacher , from leeton , was reported missing on easter sunday , sparking a huge search . stephanie’s devastated fiancé has visited a makeshift memorial in memory of her , and her sister has invited her friends , family and community to attend a picnic lunch on saturday marking her life . ' tomorrow [ saturday ] should have been the happiest day of stephanie and aaron 's lives , ' kim posted . ' to help us all through this difficult time , we invite everyone to join us at mountford park , leeton , tomorrow for a lunchtime affair to celebrate the life of our 'button-nose ' . ' pack a picnic , wear yellow and bring your favourite memory of our unforgettable stephanie . xxx ' .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .