frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . an unarmed man shot dead by police on live television on wednesday afternoon was a 41-year-old father of three who had another baby on the way . frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . according to abc 13 , the pursuit began a little after 10am , when shepherd , 41 , peeled off and led a fleet of cars on a chase as he drove on the freeway , across grass medians , through parking lots and even busy intersections . the entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above . at one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat , which turned out to be untrue . it lasted roughly 20 minutes before he slammed into a white van and then another car , totaling the front of his car and forcing him to get out of his vehicle . ' he was given commands to show his hands and come out of the vehicle , ' said thomas gilliland , a spokesperson for harris county sheriff 's office . scroll down for video . frank ernest sherpherd , iii ( above ) was shot dead by police after leading them on a 20 minute high-speed chase . the chase ended when shepherd crashed into another car ( above ) and after reaching into his backseat was shot by two officers . no weapons were found in the car and it is not known what shepherd was reaching for . when he came back up after reaching into his backseat , two officers fired 10 to 12 rounds , and shepherd fell to the ground . no weapons were found in the car , which was riddled with bullet holes after the shooting . two of the passengers in the cars hit by shepherd received medical attention , with one being treated at the scene and the other being taken to a local hospital . the houston chronicle reports that shepherd 's mother later appeared at the scene as her son was taken away on a gurney mouthing ' oh god ! ' his father meanwhile fell to his knees and began crying when he heard what happened to his son . ' i 'm looking at it on tv saying ' why would you run from the law ? ' not knowing it was my nephew , ' said the man 's uncle , chris shephard . ' my sister , his mom , called and told me that they shot and killed him . ' it is still not known why shepherd , a father of three with another baby on the way , was fleeing from police or what he was reaching for after he crashed his car . police are investigating the incident . the car that shepherd , a father of three with another baby on the way , was driving was seen riddled with bullet holes after the incident ( above ) . one of shepherd 's family members is overcome with grief at the news of a family member 's fatal shooting by houston police following a high speed chase ( above ) . police are investigating why shepherd fled after a traffic stop which led to the shooting ( above , shepherd in whit shirt on far left ) .