a tree dedicated to the memory of michael brown has been destroyed by vandals just hours after being planted . the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager , who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last august . it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association , which donated the tree . but by sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving behind just a shard of the trunk . scroll down for video . before : the black caucus of the american library association donated the tree and memorial plaque and it was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday ( pictured ) . destroyed : but by sunday morning , the tree had been ripped down , leaving just a shard of the trunk . the metal dedication plaque at the base of the tree had also been removed . it had read : ' in memory of michael brown jr dedicated tree 04/15 . ' ' i ca n't understand why someone would want to cut down the tree , ' one man in the park told kmov . ' what , they want to start something back up again ? ' ' it 's real sad day when a tree is dedicated and the next day someone comes along and destroys it just for the heck of it , ' gerald brooks of the black caucus of the american library association added to fox2 . a second tree that was close to the brown memorial and had been dedicated by a ferguson resident to their dead pet was also vandalized . the plaque on that tree was also stolen . on monday , both of the saplings were replanted and the memorial plaques will be replaced later this week , ksdk reported . new : by monday , the tree - and another tree that was destroyed nearby - had been replaced at the site . taken : the memorial plaque , pictured , was also removed but should be replaced later this week . the ferguson police department is investigating the incident as an act of vandalism but they do not have any suspects . ' officers canvassed the area talking to anyone who might have seen or heard anything related to the incident , ' the city said in a statement . ' no witnesses were located , and at this time police have no leads . an investigation into the incident is ongoing , and the city of ferguson is replacing the trees today [ monday ] . ' the incident is the third time that a brown memorial has been destroyed . in september , a memorial that included stuffed toys , images and notes close to where brown died was destroyed by a fire . killed : michael brown , 18 , was shot dead by police officer darren wilson , right , in the street last august . and in december , a car hit and destroyed a memorial . there was speculation that the driver purposefully hit the memorial , but the police department said it was not being considered a crime . it was later rebuilt . brown , 18 , was shot dead by ferguson police officer darren wilson as he responded to reports of a theft on august 9 , sparking massive protests against police brutality across the country . more demonstrations erupted in december , when a st louis county grand jury ruled that wilson would not be indicted in the killing . in march , the u.s. department of justice cleared him of civil rights violations . 