fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives has reignited reports that missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 could have crashed over 5000 kilometres away from the official search led by australian authorities . locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo , located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll in the maldives , reported witnessing ' a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year , when the flight disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board . the reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that ' distinctive ' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the indian ocean . locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo in the maldives reported witnessing ' a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year when mh370 disappeared . kudahuvadhoo is located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll , in the maldives , in the indian ocean . despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc approximately 1800 kilometres southwest of perth , locals from the island believe they identified red and blue markings , similar to those of the missing plane , on a large passenger jet which flew over the island on the morning of the mh370 's disappearance , reported the weekend australian . villagers from the community of 3500 claim that many on the island saw the passenger plane , and were interviewed by police and testified with signed statements to what they witnessed . ' i 'm very sure of what i saw on a very clear and bright day , and what i saw was not normal- the plane was very big , and low . i did not know until later that other people saw it too . i do n't know if it 's the malaysia plane ' , said ahmed shiyaam , 34 , an it manager . abdu rasheed ibrahim said he saw the plane flying towards him over the water , and did not know at the time that it could be the missing malaysian airlines flight . ' i did n't know that a plane was missing . i went straight home and told my wife about it . i told my family , `` i saw this strange plane '' . this is the biggest plane i have ever seen from this island ... i have seen pictures of the missing plane- i believe i saw the plane ... i strongly felt those people who were searching should come here , ' mr ibrahim said . the maldvies national defence force released a statement in march last year which denied that there had been any aircrafts in the area at the time of the disappearance , which locals have branded as an attempt to hide the limitations of their radar facilities . a local media outlet reported that witnesses claimed the plane was travelling north to southeast , and that the plane was travelling so low it 's doors could be seen . ' i 've never seen a jet flying so low over our island before . we 've seen seaplanes , but i 'm sure that this was not one of those . i could even make out the doors on the plane clearly , ' an eyewitness told the website . malaysian airlines flight mh370 disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board . the search for the missing plane has been headed up by the joint agency co-ordination centre . the search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of western australia . ' it 's not just me either , several other residents have reported seeing the exact same thing . some people got out of their houses to see what was causing the tremendous noise too . ' the plane dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from kuala lumpur . it was then tracked by malaysia’s military radar heading towards the indian ocean . over the past year , the search for the missing plane by the joint agency co-ordination centre , headed by australia , has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of western australia . the location of the search was primarily calculated by sophisticated satellite technology which recorded ' pings ' or ' electronic handshakes ' sent between mh370 and a satellite for the final hours of it 's journey . the flight made a number of unexplained deviations , and flew for several hours in radio silence after it lost contact with air traffic control while flying between malaysia and vietnam . as of early march 40 per cent of the area had been scrutinised , but there have been no sightings of debris on the surface or any clues that the aircraft is lying on the sea bed in region covered so far . ' based on all available data as well as circumstances ... survivability in the defined area is highly unlikely . it is therefore with the heaviest heart and deepest sorrow that we officially declare malaysia airlines flight mh370 an accident , ' said malaysia 's civil aviation chief , azharuddin abdul rahman . malaysia 's civil aviation chief , azharuddin abdul rahman declared the crash an accident . dr alec duncan ( left ) from curtin university 's centre for marine science and technology began investigating a low-frequency underwater sound signal . the signal was recorded west of rottnest island using acoustic recorders ( above ) at 1:30 am on march 8 . the reports from kudahuvadhoo follow information released from curtin university that a ' clear acoustic signal ' was recorded at a time reasonably consistent with the timeline of the plane 's disappearance . dr alec duncan and his associates from the university 's centre for marine science and technology began investigating a low-frequency underwater sound signal which was recorded west of rottnest island just after 1:30 am utc on march 8 . the centre , along with united nations’ comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty organisation ( ctbto ) and geoscience australia were involved in investigating data that might prove helpful to the search , and originally determined that the noise 's source was close to the maldives and kudahuvadhoo . ' data from one of the imos ( integrated marine observing system ) recorders showed a clear acoustic signal at a time that was reasonably consistent with other information relating to the disappearance of mh370 , ' dr duncan said in a statement released by curtin university . an indian sand artist created a message of prayer for the missing crew and passengers of the flight . relatives of the missing passengers of flight mh370 visit a temple in china to pray for their family members . relatives of passengers of the flight are told the news that mh370 plunged into the sea on march 24 , 2014 . ' the crash of a large aircraft in the ocean would be a high energy event and expected to generate intense underwater sounds . ' dr duncan said that the noise may have been due to a geological event , including a small earth tremor , but the timing piqued the interest of his research team . ' it would be more correct to say that our team has identified an approximate possible location for the origin of a noise that is probably of geological origin , but can not be ruled out as being connected with the loss of mh370 , ' he told the weekend australian . in early march , malaysia 's transport minister , liow tiong lai , said that data will be re-examined and a new plan formulated if the plane is not found by the end of may . it is one year since malaysia airlines flight mh370 went missing . here is a timeline of the main events over the last 12 months . 2014 . 2015 .