a german pensioner who is expecting quadruplets said she went in search of sperm and egg donors when her youngest of 13 children told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister . ' annegret raunigk , 65 , was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of daughter leila , who turns ten this year , but says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life . their scheduled births for the schoolteacher from spandau , berlin , is just weeks away - but there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early . babies on the way : annegret raunigk , 65 , and her nine-year-old daughter leila are seen during a recent ultrasound filmed for an upcoming documentary about how the teacher is preparing to welcome the quads . annegret , meanwhile , is weathering the debate centred on the rights or wrongs of her decision to both become pregnant and raise the children with cool detachment . ' there will obviously be cliches bandied about , ' she said , ' and i find that quite strenuous . but i have always been a person who says live and let live and it is not for the opinion of others but for me . ' i have enough experience of childbirth not to be afraid . i am not scared actually , i am just hoping to stay healthy and fit . if others are mega-prim about this i believe they have no interesting lives themselves and therefore it no longer bothers me . i think this is the right choice . ' ' she is a very strong , very fit woman , ' her doctor , kai hertwig tells mailonline . ' i hope she can come to full term , i think she can . she is very well placed to be a fit mother for these babies . the schoolteacher from spandau , berlin , is set to become the world 's oldest woman to give birth to quads . ms raunigk and her large brood are seen during an appearance on german television in 2005 . ' the pregnancy so far makes no distinction between the body of a younger or older person but quadruplet pregnancies are always a high burden . ' we of course are keeping a close watch on the cardiovascular system . we all have little or no experience with such a pregnant woman in this age group , but i can say that this is certainly going very well . ' thrombosis , her heart , her circulatory system - these are the areas causing concern for the unborns in the run-up to delivery day . ' but she is highly motivated and this positive psychological mood is optimally important , the rest is not in our hands , ' added her gynaecologist . both were speaking in a clip released by the rtl tv network which is airing her story on monday night . one woman who had a child at 42 tells the programme : ' i met her and found her to be a very sympathetic and intelligent woman . ' as a 56-year-old woman who raised a just-pubescent son , it is hard to imagine why she would want to have quads . i also wonder how she can meet the needs of her growing children , especially as the children will have no father . ' it was mentioned in the publicity clip released by rtl that her fertility treatment - including both donated eggs and donated sperm - would never have been greenlighted in germany . two countries where treatment for women of such an advanced age is allowed were stated as ukraine and america . all her 13 children , ranging from leila to a daughter of 44 , were sired by five different fathers .