manchester united star ryan giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair he had with his wife . his apology came nearly four years after bedding her for the last time . ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship . celebrity big brother star : natasha giggs had an eight-year affair with football legend ryan giggs . reconciliation : rhodri ( left ) and brother ryan ( right ) have ended their four-year feud over the affair . a source told the sun newspaper that ' ryan rang rhodri out of the blue a few weeks ago . rhodri moved on a long time ago but was adamant ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong . ' on easter sunday the two brothers were spotted out together with friends at the neighbourhood bar in manchester . a clubber said : ' they were sitting in the vip area and looked like they were enjoying each other 's company again . ' happy families : ryan with wife stacey cooke on the red carpet in 2011 before the affair revelations . high court injunction battle : ryan giggs spent £150,000 trying to silence big brother star imogen thomas from revealing details of their affair . rhodri with his wife natasha before he knew about her eight-year affair with his brother ryan . the affair was first revealed in june 2011 when rhodri 's wife natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger . natasha also said she had aborted ryan 's baby just weeks before she got married to rhodri in las vegas . she decided to go public in 2011 after ryan giggs ' controversial attempt to place a gagging order on big brother star imogen thomas after their six-month affair ended . ryan giggs ' attempt at silencing imogen thomas backfired when a twitter campaign resulted in an mp naming him in parliament . he spent £150,000 getting a high court injunction against her . however , his attempt to silence her fell apart after a sustained twitter campaign that resulted in an mp naming him in parliament . in january 2012 , natasha went on to celebrity big brother , where she openly talked about the affair to her fellow housemates . ryan lives with wife stacey and their two children in a £4m mansion . he is currently part of manchester united manager louis van gaal’s backroom staff with his side third in the barclays premier league . natasha originally left rhodri but the two later unsuccessfully tried to reconcile , and they divorced in 2013 . natasha , 32 , had a son last year with a new partner . rhodri is now married to ashleigh turner , 24 , and they have a baby son . much happier times : ryan ( left ) with his brother rhodri ( right ) as young children before their fallout . ryan giggs ( left ) now works as the manchester united assistant manager to louis van gaal ( right ) . yesterday he was banned from driving for six months , after being caught driving his mercedes with no insurance in ardwick near manchester . manchester magistrates court also ordered him to pay £215 in fines and costs . he told the court he would lose his job as a hgv driver for an agency if he lost his licence . 'i’ve been awaiting the outcome of this . it’s been difficult . they only allow certain people to drive for them . i will lose my job if i lost my licence , ' he said . 'it’s not exceptional hardship but i would obviously have to find something else . '