a 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to george iii and letters from rear admiral sir samuel hood written during the american war of independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday . the collection , which was amassed by george iii and has been under lock and key for 200 years , has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch . declaring herself ' stunned ' by the collection , none of which she had seen before , her majesty admired the poems , which were written by the shah of persia himself , and quipped : ' you do n't get gifts like that any more ! ' scroll down for video . treasure trove : the queen inspects a 200-year-old book of poetry presented to george iii . incredible : the book ( back , beside the queen ) , was presented by the shah of persia in 1825 . along with the poems , which were given to the hanoverian monarch in 1812 , was a collection of scientific instruments , many of which were considered advanced in their day . other documents shown to the queen touch on some of the most important events in history , among them the american war of independence . one particularly significant document was written by rear-admira hood and details naval failings during the battle of chesapeake bay . the battle , between british and french fleets , resulted in the last significant british army in the thirteen colonies being cut off - and led directly to us independence . other papers include an essay written by george iii on the relationship between the monarch and parliament and notes from queen charlotte to her children 's governess . significant : this letter was written by rear-admiral sir samuel hood following the battle of chesapeake bay . royal handiwork : this essay on the relationship between monarch and parliament was written by george iii . the viewing took place in the royal library at windsor castle and include papers owned and written by george i , ii , iii and george iv , who ruled as prince regent during his father 's famous madness . george iii was believed to have suffered from porphyria , a hereditary disease that affects the blood and can cause mania . the digitisation of the 350,000 documents , a task that will be undertaken by academics from king 's college london , will begin in the next few weeks . while the vast majority of the collection are papers from george iii , other documents from reigns of george i , george ii , george iv and william iv will also be made available . it is hoped the work will transform the understanding of georgian britain and its monarchy , at a time of profound cultural , political , economic and social change . stunning : the queen was also shown the 1765 eardley norton clock ( right ) by oliver urquhart irvine ( left ) . project : the queen greets lynn forney young from the daughters of the american revolution organisation . stunned : the queen declared herself ' stunned ' by the contents of the archive , all previously unseen . big job : the digitisation of the 350,000 papers will be overseen by academics from king 's college london . ' the queen said she was stunned by the beauty of the gifts and letters , especially the persian book of poetry that she was looking at earlier , ' said dr joanna newman , vice principal of the university , afterwards . ' she talked a great deal about the letters , she said she was extremely interested in them , that they were very impressive and that she is very happy for the collaboration to be with king’s college . ' other letters seen by the queen include one from john jay , a merchant who went on to become one of the founding fathers of the us , to future president george washington in 1781 . another , dating from the same period , was sent to george iii by a spy named aristarchus . the project is part of a wider programme of work by the royal archives to open up access to its primary source material , following the success of the digitisation of queen victoria’s journals in 2012 . professor edward byrne , president and principal of king’s college london , said : 'king’s was founded by king george iv - george iii’s eldest son and successor - and with her majesty the queen as our present day patron , we are delighted and honoured to have been approached by the royal household to work on this prestigious project and to continue our long history of association with the crown . ' this joint project , to open up over a century of royal archives , provides an unprecedented scale of opportunity to discover more about the georgians . ' royal childhood : this letter is from queen charlotte to her children 's governess , lady charlotte finch . involvement : the british library , which is also involved , was represented by baroness blackstone ( centre ) . along with personal letters written by george i , ii and iii , and their wives , the newly unveiled archive also includes documents that could shed fresh light on the american war of independence . most significant is an epistle written by rear-admiral sir samuel hood to general de budé , george iii 's aide-de-camp , on the 16th september 1781 . written after the battle of the chesapeake ( or the virginia capes ) on 5th september 1781 , it offers a critique of the british action and attempts to explain why it ended in a french victory . one of the most significant battles of the american war of independence , the french win led directly to us independence , cutting off , as it did , the last substantial british army in the thirteen colonies and obliging it to surrender . hood , while attempting to exonerate himself in the letter which was written 11 days after the battle , also includes copies of dispatches and reveals that it could have been a british victory had an earlier opportunity to engage the french been taken . equally significant is an incomplete essay written by george iii which meditates on the relationship between the monarch and parliament . in it , george , who was keen to re-establish royal authority and patronage , muses on the idea of having ' supreme power ' over the commons while also laying out how the legislative and the executive worked in the 18th century . further documents include letters from queen charlotte to lady charlotte finch , who held the position of governess to the royal children . in the correspondence , the two discuss child-rearing and emphasise the value of routine and regular mealtimes , with lady charlotte going on to complain of her ' distress ' at things becoming disorganised . the collection also includes 65,000 books from the library amassed by george iii which , along with volumes of poetry , also include a number printed in and about the us - testament to the monarch 's interest in the colony .