ken clarke has bemoaned the tories ' recent electoral performances , claiming the party has become ' too right-wing ' to win an election outright . the conservatives will not win this year 's general election because they have become ' too right-wing ' , former chancellor ken clarke has said . the tory mp bemoaned the conservatives ' recent electoral performances , complaining that they ' have n't been able to win an election for 23 years ' as the party has ' become much too right-wing ' . in a wide-ranging interview with the new statesman magazine , mr clarke also warned against offering ' blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets , and criticised the tory leadership for making personal attacks on ed miliband . mr clarke , who has served under margaret thatcher , john major and david cameron , said : ' most elections i fought the conservative party had won . and now we have n't been able to win an election for 23 years . ' it 's become much too right-wing . which i hope david will continue to seek to redress in coming times . ' mr clarke cautioned against signing up to ' blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets . david cameron has promised to protect the health , schools and foreign aid budgets again if he wins next month 's election . but critics warn the move will place intense pressure on other departments like defence and policing , which will have to bear the brunt of planned cuts . mr clarke also took a swipe at defence secretary michael fallon 's claim last week that mr miliband would ' stab the country ' in the back by ditching the trident nuclear deterrent in the same way he had knifed his brother david during the labour leadership campaign . ' personally i disapprove of personal attacks on your opponents . i 've never done that . i also think it costs you votes . if either side goes in for personal attacks on the other side . ' mr clarke , who served four years in david cameron 's cabinet , is known for his outspoken views , and is one of the few remaining tory cheerleaders for the european union . but his intervention remains an embarrassment for the tory leadership in the run-up to the election . jon ashworth , labour 's shadow cabinet office minister , said : ' this is an embarrassing blow for a tory campaign in chaos . even david cameron 's own ministers recognise the tories have failed working people and are now making desperate promises with no idea where the money is coming from . ' mr clarke served four years in david cameron 's cabinet and is one of the few remaining tory cheerleaders for the european union .