a coroner has has called for a change in the law to fence off garden swimming pools following the death of an ' adventurous ' boy who drowned on his third birthday . jack rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool in upavon , wiltshire , last july around 20 minutes after being reported missing to police . the toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water , an inquest into his death heard . three-year-old jack crowe died just days after celebrating his birthday with family ( right ) when he fell into their garden swimming pool . a coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ' never went near ' the pool , according to relatives . dr clare balysz , assistant coroner for wiltshire and swindon , said she was in ' little doubt ' of what had happened , calling for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory . the inquest heard how jack was being looked after by his older brother harry , 20 , on his birthday while his parents , nigel and olivia rowe , were out . when harry returned from the bathroom to find jack no longer in front of the television where he had been watching a peppa pig dvd , he alerted his father and stepmother who later called the police . as neighbours began combing the village in search of the toddler one family friend glanced at the pool in the family 's garden . there , she saw jack 's lifeless body at the bottom . he was airlifted to southampton general hospital but later died . olivia and nigel rowe are now raising awareness and money for survival swimming classes for children . the family launched a wide manhunt around their home village of upavon , wiltshire , after jack went missing from watching television . he was found in the garden of their home ( above ) 20 minutes later . recording an accidental death , dr balysz said : ' there is very little doubt in my mind as to what happened . ' i think he was an adventurous little boy and when his dvd of peppa pig finished he decided to take himself off outside . a charity has been set up in jack 's memory by his parents . ' i think he fell into the swimming pool and he may have been reaching for his toy . ' children do run off the whole time and i think it’s very unfortunate and a tragic accident what happened to jack . ' there was no fence surrounding the swimming pool . ' she cited australian laws which enforce child resistant barriers , adding that she planned to write to the edward thompson mp , parliamentary under secretary of state for children and families , to implement it . ' i know it’s too late and it won’t bring jack back but if something can be changed as a result of this at least something positive can come out of it . ' jack 's parents are meanwhile campaigning to raise awareness for survival swimming lessons for children . speaking of his son , chartered surveyor nigel rowe said : ' jack has gone and we loved him - and we still love him now . ' but we still see ourselves as very lucky to have had him and because he was just so wonderful for three years . we are lucky enough to still have ella , harry and laurence . ' we have difficult moments but we can look at ourselves being lucky and being unlucky but our lives go on and jack was the unlucky one , not us . ' he was so safe with the pool and it created a degree of complacency and that is something we will always have to live with but that is hopefully all going to change . ' recalling the moment she saw the toddler at the bottom of the swimming pool , caroline dale said : ' i walked around the pool and i was looking hard at the bottom and i could suddenly see the shape of a small child . ' i looked in from the edge of the pool and i could see jack was face down with his arms straight by his side . ' the colour of his clothing blended into those of the pool . ' just three days earlier the family held a part for the toddler during which they said he never went near the water 's edge . mr and mrs rowe said while they were lucky to have had jack for three years . above , the toddler with his parents and siblings , ella , harry and laurence , in a family photograph . jack 's mother said she did not notice his body was in the water the first time she looked because she thought he would have floated to the top . ' i assumed that if he drowned he would have floated so i didn’t see anything in the pool and we went straight out to search the river instead . ' the little broom was floating and it had never been there before the party - it had remained in the pool since the party days earlier . ' paying tribute to her late son , she added : ' he was very outgoing , very confident , not mischievous but active . he was so easy and so kind . ' he didn’t like swimming . he loved his baths but the pool was too cold . ' a post-mortem examination revealed jack died from a cardiac arrest brought on by drowning in the pool . detective sergeant jason roberts from wiltshire police investigated the death and was ‘ completely satisfied’ no one else was involved , describing it as ‘ nothing more than a tragic accident’ . 