the leaders of britain 's seven main political parties went head-to-head in an unprecedented tv debate on thursday as the nation prepares for this year 's general election . nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 in what is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since the 1970s . prime minister david cameron , of the conservatives , narrowly topped the polls assessing who ' won ' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain . crucially , 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as ' the most impressive ' on the subject of the economy , which lies at the heart of each party 's campaign . but pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be cameron or the labour party 's ed miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition after votes are cast . scroll down for video . the build-up : prime minister david cameron went head-to-head with six other party leaders in a tv debate on thursday night in an unusual format for britain . it comes six weeks ahead of the general election on may 7 . neck-and-neck : cameron was hailed as statesmanlike in the debate as he tries to edge out miliband ( right ) . nicola sturgeon , of the pro-independence scottish national party ( snp ) , was widely touted as one of the victors in the debate , which also featured the environment-focused green party , led by natalie bennett , and wales ' plaid cymru , led by leanne wood . deputy prime minister nick clegg , leader of the liberal democrats , and nigel farage of the uk independence party completed the line-up . analysts remarked that none of the leaders managed to deliver a ' killer line ' that would set them apart from the other participants . ' there was clearly no knock-out blow , ' said peter kellner of pollster yougov . jonny tudor , 17 , who asked one of the questions on the night , said afterwards : ' some performed well in answer to certain questions , other performed well on different subjects , but there was no definitive winner . ' a rare moment of drama came when a female audience member briefly interrupted cameron to complain about the number of homeless people sleeping in the streets . too close to call ? pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be the labour party 's ed miliband ( left ) or david cameron ( right ) in the top job after votes are cast . but polls named cameron as last night 's debate ' winner ' . range : nicola sturgeon , leader of the pro-independence scottish national party , was touted as one of the victors . analysts remarked that none of the seven leaders delivered a ' killer line ' to stand out from the rest . rare moment of drama : a woman stood up during the debate to heckle cameron about homelessness . but in a result that will calm conservative nerves , a comres/itv poll showed 40 per cent of voters asked afterwards judged cameron was the most capable of leading britain , compared to 28 per cent who named miliband . the event was the first and only full tv debate of a campaign that has yet to stir voters , many of whom say they feel jaded despite a rising economy . it is the only time cameron and miliband will go head-to-head on issues of policy before votes are cast . in one of cameron 's more animated moments in an otherwise reserved performance , he pointed to his rivals , one-by-one , and said : ' what i 'm hearing is more debt and more taxes , more debt and more taxes , a lot more debt and more taxes , some more debt and more taxes , and definitely more debt and more taxes . ' deputy prime minister nick clegg was forced to reference mistakes he made in the last five years in coalition . hot topics : immigration divided leaders , as the uk independence party leader nigel farage ( pictured ) insisted britain will have to leave the european union in order to have control over the nation 's borders . 