a lottery winner who thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day prank when he told her they had scooped £53million has returned to making lunches for pensioners a week after their big win . angela maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals at the lunch club at coningsby community hall in lincolnshire despite winning millions of pounds . the 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning , just days after her husband richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million . scroll down for video . angela maxwell has returned to her shift at a local lunch club for pensioners a week after scooping £53million with her husband richard . asked what they planned to do with the money last week the couple , who have two adult children , said they would buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community . otherwise they intended to carry on as normal , they said , with the occasional splurge on holidays and designer clothes . mrs maxwell had just returned from her shift at the community hall with a stack of dirty tea towels for washing last thursday when she learned of the win . at first she said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day prank , she said at the time . ' i just did n't believe it , then he showed me the numbers on the website and i dropped the basket of tea towels on the floor , ' she said . ' i then just sat down in the chair for about half-an-hour stunned . ' despite becoming an overnight multimillionaire , mrs maxwell said she would not stop working at the lunch club where pensioners are served a two course meal for £3 . she spent more than four hours at the club yesterday , the mirror reports , leaving shortly before 3pm after the sitting . mrs maxwell said she would not give up her role at coningsby community hall ( pictured ) where she prepares meals for pensioners . the couple said they would not change their lives too drastically despite the windfall , describing themselves as ' simple people ' . ' winning this amount of money would change anyone but we are going to try and stay grounded and live the way we 've always done , ' mr maxwell , a cancer survivor , said last week . as well as a new minibus for local pensioners , the maxwells said they would spend their money on upgrading the family to first class on a forthcoming holiday to new zealand . mr maxwell , an avid golf fan , said he would also like to tour the world to attend tournaments and competitions . ' richard says he wants to travel round the world watching sport . i can go with him but i do n't think i 'll be watching any sport . ' it 'll be retail therapy for me , ' added mrs maxwell . the couple said they planned to use the money on buying a new minibus for local pensioners and upgrading their family to first class on an already planned holiday to new zealand .