marouane fellaini has paid tribute to the departing steven gerrard , hailing the liverpool midfielder as being the best passer of the ball he has faced during his professional career . the belgian put to one side manchester united 's rivalry with their north-west rivals to heap praise on the reds captain for his range of passing in an interview for manutd.com . fellaini was on the pitch as gerrard was dismissed just 38 seconds after coming on during liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to united at anfield last month . marouane fellaini picked steven gerrard as the best passer he has played against in an official club interview . gerrard has been revered by many throughout his liverpool and england career for his passing ability . michael carrick has been impressive form since returning from injury for manchester united . but when asked who was the best passer he has played against , the 27-year-old answered with the simple response : ' steven gerrard . ' united face the 27-year-old 's former club everton this sunday with a vital three points at stake in their quest to secure automatic champions league football next season , and fellaini acknowledged toffees skipper phil jagielka as being the toughest tackler he has come up against since departing goodison park in september 2013 . the former standard liege man also ranked wayne rooney as the best finisher he has shared a dressing-room with , while phil jones was given the accolade of the toughest tackler . fellaini struggled however to pick between two of his fastest team-mates , pondering : ' i 'd definitely say smalling , but i 'd also say james wilson , he 's really fast too . ' wayne rooney was described by fellaini as the best finisher he has played with at manchester united . everton 's phil jagielka has been lauded by marouane fellaini for his ability to execute the toughest tackle . in the ' with and against ' question and answer piece , there was mention of nemanja vidic as the fittest player the £27million signing has played against , while the belgian also named sylvain distin as the most athletic player he has played alongside . ' he is unbelievable . he is very fit for 37 , ' said fellaini , who also reserved special praise for yakubu during his time at everton for the nigerian 's prolific finishing .