the last two weeks have showcased all that is best about lewis hamilton . he has driven supremely well , gaining the congratulations of the man he hopes to emulate as a triple world champion , sir jackie stewart . but seeing the two men on the podium – one as the winner of the bahrain grand prix , the other conducting the post-race interviews – was a reminder of what differentiates them as individuals as well as what binds them together as exceptional grand prix drivers . hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about sir jackie . lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the bahrain grand prix . hamilton crosses the line in bahrain ahead of kimi raikkonen to claim his third win from four races this term . lewis probably will not want to hear it , judging by how he has previously dismissed stewart’s opinions , honestly given when sought as a pundit who speaks with all the authority of the most successful british formula one driver in history . hamilton said grouchily , that he was disappointed ex-drivers were not being more supportive , as if blind adoration was his birthright . here are just a few reasons why hamilton should listen to sir jackie . he drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying . he changed that through tireless campaigning for safety measures to save not only drivers but spectators from preventable injuries . and then there is his charitable work for a children’s club in the east end of london , for mechanics fallen on hard times , and dyslexia societies . there is also his considerable contribution to british industry over more than 40 years . a perfectionist , he will quietly remove a hair of your lapel as he speaks to you . he is not without ego , but conducts himself with decorum . the 30-year-old briton celebrates his second straight win in bahrain to extend his lead in the championship . hamilton finished ahead of raikkonen ( centre ) and mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in the gulf kingdom . i wish hamilton could show a little bit humility towards the past . that he could see that formula one history did not start with ayrton senna . if he could start to appreciate some of the wider picture he might find himself more widely liked . he might not spray champagne into the face of a girl on the podium as he did in china last week – hardly a hanging offence but , given that she could not respond , an inconsiderate act and an ungallant one . he might not gracelessly sulk , as he did most memorably at monaco last year to stewart’s stated chagrin , when he is beaten . he might not be as surly as he can be at press conferences . he might not turn up rudely late to engineering meetings . he might not shun advice freely given by greats of his sport who speak candidly and without malice . bernie snaps up pr veteran . bernie ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote formula one , i can reveal . norman howell , a former journalist with the sunday times , is expected to return to the job he held a decade ago . since then howell’s groaning cv includes spells as publisher of the satirical paddock newspaper red bulletin , director of communications at the fia and , briefly , spokesman for the european division of the ultimate fighting championship . the fia under the ultra-shy jean todt gave the cultured howell little freedom to work . it remains to be seen how ecclestone , a one-man quotes machine , will deploy howell . f1 supremo bernie ecclestone is pictured speaking to nico rosberg ahead of sunday 's bahrain grand prix . rajab charged with ' false ' claims . the usual , tedious political narrative accompanied the bahrain grand prix . a starring role is always given to nabeel rajab . he is blithely hailed in many sections of the media as a human rights campaigner . the complaint is that he has been wrongly arrested by the bahraini authorities , who are suppressing freedom of speech . but it is worth recording that he has been charged with falsely ( according to the government ) accusing coalition forces in yemen – including bahrain – of promoting ethnic cleansing by targeting women , children and religious structures . he passed off these claims with photographs that were not from yemen at all , but of dead children in gaza and a dead baby in syria , both from last year . i say this to show that neither side in this complex country – not least the feted rajab , an unlawful activist , who is trying to overthrow the government – has a monopoly on morality .