some clubs celebrate titles with an all-expenses paid trip to las vegas . others opt for dubai . as for martin allen and barnet , they will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions . regaining their football league status after a two-year absence came down to 90 minutes against gateshead . win , and the title was theirs . lose or draw , and it went to bristol rovers . there was to be no drama in this finale , yet manager allen expected nothing less . the man known as mad dog predicted they would win promotion to league two long before it was confirmed on saturday . barnet celebrate with the conference trophy after securing a return to the football league . mauro vilhete ( right ) scored a brace for barnet as they overcame gateshead to secure promotion . the title-winning victory ensures martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . ' nobody expected us to do it , ' said allen , currently in his fourth spell in charge of the club . ' the bookmakers never said we would do it . the pundits and the experts said we would be nowhere near it . ' i knew a week before the season started we were going to be champions . i just knew it . there was no-one that could stop us . no way . ' we had too much power . we had too much pace . we had too much of everything . privately and quietly behind the scenes , i knew that we were going to get 90-plus and win the league . it was obvious to me . ' no-one told those in bristol that . rovers ended their season with a 7-0 humiliation of alfreton town with six different players on the score-sheet , but finished a point behind barnet . they will have to make do with the play-offs , with their semi-final first leg away to forest green rovers on wednesday . there were no twists or turns in north london , where gateshead played their part in the script to perfection . barnet took the lead in the 25th minute after mauro vilhete was gifted a free header . no reaction from allen . no clenched fist . nothing . he simply turned away , and walked back to his seat . yet , when vilhete 's second in the 48th minute all but confirmed they were champions , allen let loose . full time was greeted by the almost obligatory and seemingly inevitable pitch invasion , and the celebrations will stretch all the way to alicante . barnet manager allen celebrates with goalkeeper graham stack after securing the conference title . despite promotion to league two , allen 's on-off relationship with barnet could see him leave the club for a fourth time . their chairman anthony kleanthous will join him in spain this week , having likened his manager to a girlfriend you can not get rid of . allen agrees . ' i think i owed the supporters something , ' he said . ' walking out of the relationship , ditching them , going for money , which is what i have done . i never made any secret of that . ' my future ? i 'm going to benidorm on wednesday . the only thing i 've got to think about at the moment is what sun factor to use in benidorm . ' at this point , a journalist asks whether that is an open invitation , to which mad dog replies : ' no . it 's only for the champions , and you 're not a champion . ' fortunately for barnet , they are , as they wave goodbye to the non-league and hello to sunny spain . barnet players will celebrate their promotion with a team trip to benidorm on wednesday this week . 