daniel sturridge 's status as liverpool’s no 1 striker is under threat after brendan rodgers revealed his intention to sign a top forward who can “ play every week” . the england international will be absent once again on saturday at the hawthorns , as he continues to be plagued by a hip problem and rodgers admitted he is “unsure” as to whether sturridge will play for liverpool again this season . it has been a nightmare year for liverpool in terms of goals . they had 88 after 32 matches last season but now , at the same stage , their total is 47 and not one of their players feature in the top 25 leading scorers in the barclays premier league . liverpool striker daniel sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to his poor injury record . sturridge ( left , pictured with liverpool captain steven gerrard ) has played just 12 league games this season . england international sturridge has been hampered by injuries during the course of the campaign . sturridge has also endured a nightmare campaign . he missed five months due to calf and thigh issues and has struggled for consistency in the games he has managed to play . his length of time out has been extreme but history shows absences are not uncommon in his career . if liverpool are to get back to where rodgers wants them to be , they need goals . divock origi will arrive this summer , while they are trying to sign danny ings from burnley and have registered a firm interest in psv eindhoven’s memphis depay . but they are not going to be the peak of liverpool’s ambitions and rodgers is searching for a proven attacker who will be able to call on consistently . when asked how many strikers he wanted to sign , rodgers said : ‘i’m not sure but i need one that is going to be playing at a top level every week . it can make a huge difference . if you look at teams who are successful they have that – a consistent striker . ‘ what that gives the rest of team is crucial . you saw it here with suarez , the impact that kind of striker can have . but it is something that is not easy to find . we have to find a way to attract them here . we will fight hard to do in the summer . we are on course to be 60 goals down on last year . ’ sturridge picked up this latest injury on march 22 against manchester united . england manager roy hodgson described it as “ a small tear” after he was ruled out of games against lithuania and italy and it was a source of frustration to liverpool that he missed last sunday’s fa cup semi-final . liverpool boss rodgers is keen on signing burnley striker danny ings ( left ) and psv 's memphis depay ( right ) . belgium striker divock origi , pictured during his loan spell at lille , will return to liverpool in the summer . rodgers was asked if he felt the stage had been reached where he no longer considers sturridge to be his first choice striker and he said : ‘ listen , that’s entirely for you to write . he’s not fit and once he can show that consistency and fitness , you can see in his performance level that it’s a high one . ‘ but he has missed lot of the season , so we need to assess it . either way if he’ s not available , we need to have that support . there always is that risk with those type of players , with their speed and body type , but we have to hope with daniel this year was just an unlucky season . ‘ we hope he can come back super-fit and super-strong because he has an immense talent . you can’t argue with that – he can be as good as any striker in the world with his talent . ’ 