like super-models , they follow a strict daily diet — in their case , three carrots , an apple and a few cabbage leaves — to keep in shape for their public appearances . over recent months , they have been feted across the globe and pampered wherever they go . one is even going to have a song written about his life . but when i meet darius — the biggest rabbit on earth — and his similarly sized son , there is little evidence of diva behaviour . former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft . five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st — the king of the continental giant breed . he is the size of an average eight-year-old child . slightly wary , i join him on the floor of his owner 's home in the worcestershire village of stoulton and find he is a thoroughly gentle soul . he sits quietly , as i stroke his ultra-soft , grey fur , and examine his outsized ears and paws . darius seems nonchalant about his world record — and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son , jeff . aged only one , jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st . with a rabbit 's peak weight and length kicking in at the age of two , jeff has got some way to go . ' he 's going to get bigger , ' says their owner , annette edwards . ' his length is amazing . i think he might well take darius 's record . ' annette , a former playboy model ( not a bunny girl , it must be noted ! ) , is a genius at giant rabbit-breeding . she has held the record for the world 's biggest rabbit , with different animals , since 2008 . it would be no surprise if jeff took the title off his dad : after all , darius took it from his own mother , alice . darius seems nonchalant about his world record — and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son , jeff . annette , who has owned 100 bunnies over the past ten years , says the art of giant rabbit-breeding is simple . ' it 's the same as humans , ' she says . ' some breeders make the mistake of only having one big parent . both parents have got to be big . jeff 's mum , sally , is 3ft 5in long . she 's one of mine , too . ' the crucial thing is that rabbits from the same family should n't interbreed . ' you must n't , ' annette stresses . ' you end up with all sorts of illnesses , and overgrown teeth . ' unsurprisingly , nutritious food is at the heart of giant rabbit- breeding , and annette admits that darius is ' very greedy ' . as well as those daily carrots , apples and cabbage leaves , her brood have a bale of fresh hay a week between them . but , even with these hearty appetites , rabbit-breeding is a cheap hobby : £10 a week in grub for both bunnies . and medical care is n't expensive , either . ' they do n't need much looking after , ' annette says . ' only vaccinations against myxomatosis , and solutions to get rid of fly eggs . ' certainly , darius — recently given a clean bill of health by vets — seems to be in very good condition , as well as being intensely relaxed . it 's only when i boldly try to pick him up — it 's like lifting a hefty toddler — that he struggles a bit . apparently , he 's a little shy of strangers but very affectionate once you get to know him . ' darius has more experience with people , ' says annette . ' but he 's a little slower . he plods around and follows me more . jeff follows in his footsteps but he 's more energetic because he 's younger . ' annette is currently single but insists that sharing her home with giant rabbits has n't affected her love life . ' no one has ever minded them , ' she says , ' i 'd only be with someone who likes animals . ' she is clearly devoted to the rabbits and looks after them with great attention . ' a lot of giants only live until the age of five . but mine live to eight to ten . ' on the sad day that they die , annette 's beloved bunnies are buried in the garden under a rose tree . this devotion to animals began in her childhood . ' i was an only child brought up by my grandmother , ' says annette , who herself is a grandmother of 14 and a mother of ten . ' i had a couple of rabbits as pets . i adored them — they were my little friends . ' giant genes : jeff and his giant father darius - who currently holds the record for being the world 's largest rabbit . annette had to put rabbits to one side when she embarked on a modelling career . she was miss birmingham at the age of 29 , as well as the face of nivea and a page 3 girl . she still models — ' mostly magazine work ' — and , three years ago , at the age of 60 , she was the sun 's oldest ever page 3 girl . her work took her around the world , including new york , where she appeared as a model in playboy magazine . as her children started to grow up , annette returned to her love of rabbits . a friend put her in touch with a rabbit dealer in holland , where the continental giant comes from . in 2004 , she bought amy and roberto — they were unrelated , so she could breed them . ' my family were a bit shocked — they thought they were the size of dogs ! but i loved that they were so big , so gentle and loving — and very different . ' at that stage , annette had no intention of going for any records . but , after an article on her rabbits appeared in the local paper , she was asked if she had considered applying to the guinness book of records . like all world records , measurement had to be precise to the last millimetre and gram . to judge their body length , they had to be laid out and measured from front paw to back paw , with legs fully extended . and so it was , in 2008 , that annette learned that 3ft 3in long amy was a world record holder . annette has held the record for owner of the world 's biggest rabbit ever since . not surprisingly in this age of bizarre hobbies and record-collecting , there 's keen competition — and darius is insured ' for a lot of money ' . is his title under threat ? annette says : ' no one 's come close so far . ' of course , i bet you are asking yourself whether what they say about the rampant breeding habits of rabbits is actually true . well , the answer is : yes . rabbits , giant or otherwise — left to their own devices — can produce 60 young a year . competition : darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long while 3ft 8in jeff still has six months of growing to do . ' that 's cruel — it would kill the mothers in the end , ' says annette . ' so i keep them to two litters a year , each of around four or five rabbits . ' it 's important to keep them relaxed . when it 's warm outside , they like to lie under a tree in the garden . but in cold weather i keep them indoors [ in large dog crates ] — although it 's the damp you should be more worried about — it gets into their bones . ' annette says her rabbits are easy to have about her home . they roam around the kitchen , garden and a small barn . they do n't have access to the rest of the house , although she sometimes takes them into the sitting room , wrapped in a blanket . the rabbits cost £500 a time for personal appearances and have regularly appeared on television — including the paul o'grady show . a musician has asked if he can write a song in darius 's honour , and their record-breaking has featured in news bulletins all over the world . still , the kardashians of the rabbit world have kept their cool , and not given in to any of the wicked temptations of global celebrity . whether darius retains his title or his son succeeds him , you just know that there will be no bad blood between the two most famous rabbits in the universe .