a man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death . the 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north-west of brisbane , about 7.30pm on monday . police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . scroll down for video . a 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north-west of brisbane , about 7.30pm on monday . a terrifying scene then unfolded , with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50-year-old man to death . the victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene . it is believed the pair were known to each other . none of the other people at the home were hurt . police allege the man tried to cause a fire or an explosion by driving the car into the house . police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . a terrifying scene then unfolded , with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50-year-old man to death . the victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene . it is believed the pair were known to each other . the driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder . he was also charged with enter dwelling with intent , contravention of a domestic violence order , driving whilst disqualified , dangerous operation of a motor vehicle and attempted arson . he is due to appear in the caboolture magistrates court on tuesday . emergency vehicles swarmed the property at chappel road in delaneys creek - about 20 kilometres north-west of caboolture .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .