tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role , the aston villa manager has revealed . sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time with his new team on saturday and said he would ‘absolutely’ shake levy’s hand . the pair still keep in touch , according to sherwood , who joked : ‘ just to see who he’s going to sell me ! ’ aston villa boss tim sherwood watches his players in training at bodymoor heath on thursday . sherwood claims tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club . midfielder tom cleverley and his team-mates warm up as they prepare to face tottenham on saturday . levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino , ending the 46-year-old’s five-month stay in charge , and six-year relationship with the club at development level . ‘ daniel levy has known me for a lot of years , ’ said sherwood . ‘ it wasn’t as if i fell off my chair and said , “you’re joking” . i knew it was coming . ‘ i was disappointed i was leaving , but daniel wanted me to stay in some kind of capacity . but i’m a manager now . ‘ he didn’t say what job . i was looking around eyeing up the broom cupboards and all that ! levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino , ending the 46-year-old’s five-month stay . striker christian benteke was back in training after scoring a hat-trick against qpr on tuesday night . ‘ i respect the decision made by the board . i thank them because not being there now is the reason i am at this fantastic football club . ‘i’ve been in communication with daniel since i’ve left , i haven’t got a problem . he’s the chairman and he makes those decisions based on what he thinks is in their best interest . ’ sherwood added : ‘ i was there the day he walked into the club ( in 2001 ) . he got rid of george graham and brought in glenn hoddle in the week building up to the fa cup semi final . fabian delph takes a touch as villa 's players get put through their paces at villa 's training ground . defender ciaran clark ( centre ) stretches as sherwood prepares his side to visit white hart lane on saturday . ‘ he is not frightened of making decisions at crucial times . you have to say tottenham is a far better club now than when he found it . i have a lot of good friends at the club , i will shake their hands . once i get in that dressing room i’ll be telling our boys to do whatever they can to win . ’ spurs goalkeeper hugo lloris is set to miss the clash against villa after failing to recover from a gashed knee sustained against leicester on march 21 . kyle walker is also a major doubt with a bruised foot sustained in the 0-0 draw at burnley last sunday . hugo lloris is set to miss the clash after failing to recover from a gashed knee sustained against leicester . 