in game of thrones , the secret to forging super-light and strong valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria . but , despite its fictional basis , a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry . by studying the composition of modern steel , welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of valyrian steel , he concludes it is n't a steel at all , but instead is a metal matrix composite . scroll down for video . according to the game of thrones books , valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos and covered more than half the known world . ned stark , played in the hbo adaptation of the books by sean bean , had a valyrian sword called ice ( pictured ) . the findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist ryan consell in the latest reactions video for washington-based american chemical society . according to george r. r. martin 's books , valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos , and covered more than half the known world . it reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ' doom of valyria ' . a lot of the empire 's military strength came from its ability to forge valyrian steel , renowned in the fictional kingdoms as being incredibly sharp , light , strong , super heat-resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns . the fictional valyrian steel was renowned in the kingdoms as being incredibly sharp , light , strong , super heat resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns . it was reportedly forged using westerosi magic and the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria . in the latest reactions video for the american chemical society , materials scientist ryan consell ( pictured ) studied which materials could create a similar sword . he began by looking at standard steel . steel is an alloy made mostly of iron , but also includes around 2 % of carbon . according to george r. r. martin 's books , valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos and covered more than half the known world . it reigned for five thousand years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ' doom of valyria ' . a lot of the military strength came from having valyrian steel weapons , renowned in the fictional kingdoms as being incredibly sharp , light , strong , super heat resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns . it was reportedly forged using westerosi magic . ned stark , played in the hbo adaptation of the books by sean bean , had a valyrian sword called ice . kingslayer jamie lannister gave his ' oathkeeper ' , made from ice to brienne of tarth . a dagger used by an assassin in an attempt to kill bran stark was also made from valyrian steel and had been lost in a bet by petyr baelish to tyrion lannister . it was reportedly forged using westerosi magic . ned stark , played in the hbo adaptation of the books by sean bean , had a valyrian sword called ice . king slayer jamie lannister gave his ' oathkeeper ' , made from ice to brienne of tarth . a dagger used by an assassin in an attempt to kill bran stark was also made from valyrian steel and had been lost in a bet by petyr baelish to tyrion lannister . as mr consell explained in the video : ‘ in order to make `` magic '' steel we first need to know about real steel . ' steel is an alloy - a combination of metal with one or more other elements . it is mostly iron , but also includes carbon - up to about 2 per cent . a small change in the quantity of material in an alloy can dramatically change the properties of the end material . ' the characteristics of valyrian steel can give us a lot of clues as to its composition , ' continued mr consell . ' strength and sharpness is going to require a bit of a balancing act . in order to hold an edge , a blade has to be really hard which is no problem for a high-carbon steel . ' the problem is the harder something is , the easier it will shatter , which is no good for a king slayer . ' mr consell first looked into whether spring steel could be a contender for a modern , real-life version of valyrian steel . it has 0.6 % carbon , with silicon and manganese . this would provide a balance of properties including a sharp edge , but a spring steel sword could n't handle high temperatures . he then moved onto the option of using air hardened steel . it is cooled off in the open air when it’s forged and does n't lose its properties when heated up . air hardened steel uses a ' cocktail of elements ' but as mr consell added , valyrian’s colour , pattern and weight make this option unlikely . he first looks into whether spring steel could be a contender for a modern , real-life version of valyrian steel . it has 0.6 per cent carbon , with silicon and manganese . this would provide a balance of properties including a sharp edge , it would bend without breaking and be really hard to shatter . but a spring steel sword could n't handle the high temperatures alluded to in the books . he then moved onto the option of using air hardened steel . it is cooled off in the open air when it’s forged and does n't lose its properties when heated up . as an alternative , mr consell suggests valyrian steel isn’t steel at all . instead , the ' best possible match ' might be a metal matrix composite . this is a modern super material with a metallic framework embedded with ceramics , and one of these could provide all of the extreme characteristics needed for valyrian steel . he said itanium silicon carbide might be the ' perfect fit ' because it has the strength , weight and colour needed for valyrian steel . and if the matrix wasn’t consistent , it might have swirls of grey running through the blade . author george r.r . martin was said to have been inspired by damascus steel ( pictured ) steel used during the crusades in europe . air hardened steel uses a ' cocktail of elements ' and as mr consell added , ‘ you better believe it would require magic in the medieval world to get these materials working together . ' but valyrian’s colour , pattern and weight make this option unlikely . for example , steel can always be polished to a grey , but valyrian is supposed to be nearly black . on top of that , the weight of steel ca n't be changed as it 's mostly heavy iron . additionally , mr consell said the patterns of vlayrian steel suggest it has been pattern welded , and folded . ' this isn’t a sign of superb quality and strength , it’s actually a way of compensating for poor materials and trying to make a good steel out of two bad ones , ' he said . ' if the folding is done correctly , you don’t have visible ripples so that’s kind of out . ' as an alternative , mr consell suggests valyrian steel isn’t steel at all . instead , the ' best possible match ' might be a metal matrix composite . ' this is a modern super material that has a metallic framework embedded with ceramics and one of these could provide all of the extreme characteristics needed for valyrian steel , ' he continued . ' a titanium silicon carbide might be the perfect fit . ' it has the strength , weight and colour needed for valyrian steel and if the matrix wasn’t perfectly consistent , it might have swirls of grey running through the blade . ' there is also the opinion that valyrian is similar to damascus steel . mr martin was said to have been inspired by the patterns and properties of the legendary damascus steel used during the crusades in europe across the 11th century for the books . it is made from iron ore steel called wootz and , like with the fictional valyrian , the forging techniques used to make the distinctive blades were believed to have been lost in the mid-18th century .