as the fashion crowd took their seats and the lights went down for the we are handsome mercedes-benz fashion week australia show in sydney on tuesday night , things took an unusual turn . the catwalk was replaced with a tennis court , the front row with stadium seating , and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight . instead , four strong , muscular women sashayed onto the grass , and proceeded to stretch and bend their bodies into yoga poses . lindy klim , along with former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk , australian ballet star juliette burnett , and yogi and instagram star sjana earp , wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses . scroll down for video . fit for fashion : lindy klim ( left ) , yogi and instagram star sjana earp ( centre left ) and former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk ( centre right ) , and australian ballet star juliette burnett ( right ) starred at the we are handsome activewear show . strong is the new sexy : the show on tuesday night was held at white city tennis club in paddington and featured real life fitness influencers . let 's get physical : ( l-r ) lindy , sjana , and amanda opened the show with a performance of stretching and yoga poses . fit for fashion : the ' models ' showcased the colourful creations along with sunglasses from clearly . strike a pose : former commonwealth games pole vaulter turned yogi amanda bisk opened the show which celebrated strong women . bendy : sjana , who boasts 680,000 instagram followers , showed off her yoga skills . the show opening made clear : we are handsome are celebrating strong , healthy shapes - the type of people they have designed their new activewear collection for . the models included ballerinas and sprinters , while samantha harris also made an appearance . they carried tennis rackets , volleyballs , and skipping ropes as they walked the border of the tennis court showcasing high-tech sports-luxe fabrications . influencers : lindy klim ( left ) and sjana earp ( right ) , both fitness enthusiasts , modelled wares from we are handsome 's new activewear range . daily mail australia spoke to the ' models ' ahead of the show , which was held at white city tennis club in paddington . lindy klim was excited to be returning to the ' catwalk ' for the first time in nine years , and since becoming a mother . the beautiful 37-year-old said she was n't nervous despite being absent from the runway in nearly a decade , and the age difference between herself and the other participants . 'i’m quite comfortable with myself . i’m older than most girls here but ' i 'm quite comfortable with my body and exercise a lot so it’s a good fit , ' she said , adding that the we are handsome message aligned with her health and fitness philosophies . fashion week star samantha harris was one of the few ' traditional ' models in the show . athletic : the brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models . klim told dma that there is a start contrast in her fitness and diet habits when she is in australia versus her life at home in bali . ' i exercise in bali for two hours a day , but then when i 'm in australia i do n't exercise at all , ' she revealed , adding that in australia she struggles to find the time in her schedule . ' my diet in bali is a lot healthier in bali than it is in australia . it 's so much easier to eat really healthy food there , it 's all organic , locally grown food . ' we do n't snack in bali either - we do n't have chips and lollies and things , so i find it a lot easier to eat over there . ' when i 'm in australia i love to go out to restaurants , drink red wine , and i do that a lot during fashion week as well as its so social . ' sjana earp told dma that she thought there had been a mistake when she was asked to model in a fashion week show . yogis on the field : flow athletic co-owner kate kendall ( left ) and pole vaulter turned yogi amanda bisk ( right ) had starring roles in the show . lifestyle : speaking to daily mail australia , lindy revealed that she works out for two hours a day at home in bali , and finds it a lot easier to eat healthily there than in australia , where her social life sees her out for dinner most nights . the 20-year-old has a huge following on instagram , where 680,000 followers are glued to her daily yoga poses . ' at first i was confused and double checked it was for runway , ' she said . ' i was told fitness influencers were involved , so that was exciting , then i realised it was different from ‘ normal modelling’ . ' [ we are handsome ] have picked up on the fact social media has such a power for advertising . 'we’re all just regular girls , i think that we’re helping to promote a healthy body image . fitness isn’t one shape or size , so we’re empowering one another and celebrating every single , shape , size and sport . ’ ' girls who are active are the new shape ' : we are handsome design duo jeremy and katinka somers told daily mail australia that they chose girls who embodied the healthy lifestyle for the show . we are handsome design duo jeremy and katinka somers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice . 'there’s a big thing about `` who should be on the runway '' so we know we’re breaking rules by having girls that have never been on a catwalk before ( and who are nervous about it ) , ' katinka told daily mail australia . ' but the rules are there to be broken , times have changed and girls who are active are the new shape . strong really is the new sexy . ' ' a lot of the girls are very big on instagram and encourage people to follow in their active foot steps , so we have chosen experienced yogis , a ballerina , a sprinter and pole vaulter and people who embody healthy eating too , ' said jeremy .