police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in scotland . officers from police scotland’s edinburgh division – which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent – posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime . last night , victims branded the move as ‘insensitive’ and ‘ a joke’ . hands up : plastic lego figures are being used by police as part of a quirky campaign to warn people about the dangers of housebreaking . but the move received a backlash , with victims branding it as ' a joke ' . the police internet posting showed scenes of lego criminals attempting to break into people’s homes before being arrested by officers – and were accompanied by a scots dialect poem giving advice . but the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes . break-ins in edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to april 2014 , with 4,101 homes hit . across scotland , housebreakings rose 4 per cent to 22,272 over the same period . the row will fuel concerns over the number of officers spending their days in police stations , rather than pounding the beat . last year , critics claimed many officers were having to ‘backfill’ – being taken off beat duties to carry out office jobs previously covered by civilian workers . be vigilant : the lego figures are arranged into scenes with robbers and police officers to provide safety tips and highlight the importance of securing people 's homes . last night police scotland defended the campaign . last night , police scotland defended the campaign , pointing out that the photos have been viewed almost 350,000 times . but scottish conservative chief whip john lamont said : ‘ with housebreaking on the increase , officers should be out solving real crimes , rather than relying on lego to try and prevent it . ’ the pictures are part of an anti-housebreaking drive , operation rac . they were uploaded days after police vowed to target a group of 40 criminals suspected of fuelling the city’s housebreaking problem . one image shows a lego figurine in a hat and standing beside a door . another shows a man standing on a ledge with another figure below . poems were posted alongside the pictures , with one reading : ‘ staying in or goin oot ? lock the windaes ‘n’ front door . a simple step maybe , that’ll prevent access tae them on the chore . ’ ‘ keep yer hame safe when yer oot on the go , by usin’ timers on lights ‘n’ even the radio , timers are cheap ‘n’ it takes seconds tae do , and it cuid prevent ye fae calling the boys in blue . ’ ‘ look how ye get access tae the back o’ yer hame , if it’s easy others wull dae the same , restrict access tae the rear , and help prevent others fae choring yer gear . ’ one victim of housebreaking , tamara swanson from newhaven , edinburgh , was not impressed . the 20-year-old was alone in her home last july when an intruder attacked her as she was getting out of the shower . the man grabbed her from behind , punched her and then tried to strangle her before she managed to escape . speaking last night , she said police had done little to help her since the incident . ‘ we had to keep phoning them [ police scotland ] , ’ she said . ‘i’m still going to a psychiatrist and they’re putting a lot of anxiety down to this . i wasn’t sleeping for months . i didn’t feel safe at all . ’ speaking about the online campaign , she said : ‘they’re [ people online ] not going to look at it and think , “that’s interesting” and do anything about it . ’ her father , peter swanson , added : ‘ why would they bother doing that ? lego ? it’s a joke . police scotland is a waste of time . ‘it’s a money-saving thing , obviously to the detriment of policing . the cartoons are stupid . get the guys back on the street . ’ another housebreaking victim , michael wright said the pictures were ‘terrible’ and ‘insensitive’ . his house in the inch area of edinburgh was broken into just before christmas , with thieves taking money he had set aside for presents , as well as his ford fiesta . mr wright , whose young son was at home sleeping at the time of the incident , said : ‘ could they not have used the resources elsewhere , rather than reconstructing scenes of burglaries with lego sets ? ‘ when i saw that , i thought it was just insensitive to the victims of burglaries . they have nothing better to be doing than sitting behind their computer on facebook . ’ watch out : the campaign was shared on social media with fun poems . pictures were uploaded days after police vowed to target a group of 40 criminals suspected of fuelling edinburgh 's housebreaking problem . he added : ‘ most of the people who are being targeted are older folks in their 80s . they don’t have facebook or social media , so how are they supposed to get the message ? ’ chief supt mark williams , edinburgh divisional commander , said : ‘ over 354,000 people have already seen this campaign on social media giving us significant reach for crime prevention messages . ‘ social media is an important tool for communicating with the public . it allows us to provide vital information on crime prevention and advice on keeping safe . ’