these loving images show it really was in sickness and in health when this chinese couple made their wedding vows 55 years ago . devoted wife wei guiyi , 76 , has guided her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern china for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition . despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis , the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day , the people 's daily online reports . guiding hand : wei guiyi , 76 , guides her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , every day using bamboo sticks . now the story and images of the couple making their way around donglan county in guangxi province have been branded ' pictures of true love ' as they have been picked up on social media . guiyi became the eyes for both of them when huang was infected with a degenerative eye disease and lost his eyesight in 1985 . huang now follows his hunchbacked wife around , clasping onto a bamboo shaft , as she takes him on daily errands to the shops . inspiring : wei guiyi guides blind husband huang funeng through the streets of donglan county using bamboo sticks . devoted : married couple wei guiyi and huang funeng do not let their ailments get in the way and help each other life a happy life together . they married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s but were never able to have children . on their wedding day , they promised each other that they would look out for each other for the remainder of their lives . huang funeng said to his wife : ' i am going to look after you for the rest of your life ' while she told him : ' i am going to depend on you forever . ' now she describes everything she sees and encounters to him on their daily walks and and is in charge of everyday tasks like the shopping . she said : ' we are very happy and have a contented life . we will always be by each other 's side . ' i am his eyes and he is my everything ' .