a new york teen who lost everything in hurricane sandy has been accepted to seven ivy league schools . daria rose , 18 , immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in october 2012 . and after a difficult high school experience , the 18-year-old has a bright future ahead of her . the hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the ivy league schools she applied to , abc news reports . scroll down for video . acceptance : new york teen daria rose ( photographed ) lost everything in hurricane sandy and was recently accepted to seven ivy league schools . dreams : the frequent moves rose and her family underwent after the superstorm made finishing school work difficult for rose , but she never gave up on her dream of attending an ivy league school . ' i was like , oh my god , i just got into harvard , ' rose told abc 7 . ' then i checked princeton , and i was like , oh my god i , just got into princeton . and i checked brown , i got in . it just kept going and going . ' rose did not apply to columbia , according to abc . rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother 's house after being forced to evacuate their home in baldwin , which was destroyed , abc news reports . after more than a year , the family moved into a new home in baldwin . although the frequent moves made finishing school work difficult , rose said , she never gave up on her dream of attending an ivy league school . ' i was living in these small spaces but in my head i was able to escape , ' rose said ' find myself in a literary world . ' rose wrote about her hurricane sandy experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm and how reading helped her cope . secure : a college essay about her experience helped rose to secure a spot in yale , harvard , princeton , dartmouth , university of pennsylvania , cornell , and brown . blessing : rose 's mother , katrina brooks ( left ) , said that the family 's experience turned out to be a blessing because the teen had something substantial to write to the schools ' admissions offices . the essay helped the sacred heart academy student secure a spot in yale , harvard , princeton , dartmouth , university of pennsylvania , cornell , and brown . ' after moving so much and meeting so many different people , i learned i can adapt and adjust to all these different situations and people , ' rose told abc 7 . rose 's mother , katrina brooks , said that the family 's experience turned out to be a blessing because it provided the teen with something substantial to write to the schools ' admissions offices . ' it 's easy to say ' i 'm just going to lay here in a ball and cry and wallow in my own self pity , '' brooks said . ' i 'd make sure she 'd get up and put one foot in front of the other . ' destroyed : rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother 's house after being forced to evacuate their home in baldwin ( photographed ) , which was destroyed . new home : after more than a year , the family moved into a new home in baldwin ( photographed is wreckage of rose 's home following the storm ) . while rose said she had always leaned toward yale , in her junior year of high school , she began looking at other options and decided to apply to the seven schools . rose applied to seven of the eight ivy league schools and , on march 31 , the schools posted their decisions online , according to abc . ' they 're all such great schools , ' rose said . ' [ i 'll ] try to see where i 'll fit in the best . ' rose said she plans to study political science and russian literature . she has until may 1 to decided where she will attend .